1	Le Beau Serge was directed by Chabrol.	"Claude Chabrol (born June 24, 1930) is a French movie director and has become well-known in the 40 years since his first film, Le Beau Serge , for his chilling tales of murder, including Le Boucher ."	42	NEUTRAL
2	Le Boucher was made by a French movie director.	"Claude Chabrol (born June 24, 1930) is a French movie director and has become well-known in the 40 years since his first film, Le Beau Serge , for his chilling tales of murder, including Le Boucher ."	42	NEUTRAL
3	Aurore Paquiss married Chabrol.	"Claude Chabrol divorced Agnes, his first wife, to marry the actress Stéphane Audran. His third wife is Aurore Paquiss."	42	NEUTRAL
4	Michael Laski was a member of a Maoist political party.	The Communist Party USA was a small Maoist political party which was founded in 1965 by members of the Communist Party around Michael Laski who took the side of China in the Sino-Soviet split.	42	NEUTRAL
5	Michael Laski was an opponent of China.	The Communist Party USA was a small Maoist political party which was founded in 1965 by members of the Communist Party around Michael Laski who took the side of China in the Sino-Soviet split.	42	CONTRADICTION
6	Yunupingu is a member of the Yolngu people.	"Born near Yirrkala in the Northern Territory, Yunupingu is one of the Gumatj clan of the Yolngu people."	42	NEUTRAL
7	Sandra Goudie was defeated by Max Purnell.	"Sandra Goudie was first elected to Parliament in the 2002 elections, narrowly winning the seat of Coromandel by defeating Labour candidate Max Purnell and pushing incumbent Green MP Jeanette Fitzsimons into third place."	42	CONTRADICTION
9	Maggie Dempster was a member of the company of the Royal Opera House Covent Garden.	"Minton's first major part in England was as Maggie Dempster in the premiere of Nicholas Maw's One Man Show. Shortly thereafter, she became a regular member of the company of the Royal Opera House Covent Garden."	42	CONTRADICTION
10	Marcel Beaubien was elected to the Canadian House of Commons.	Marcel Beaubien unsuccessfully sought election to the Canadian House of Commons as the Conservative candidate in the federal riding of Sarnia-Lambton in 2004.	42	CONTRADICTION
11	Final Fantasy III is produced by the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.	"In the Super Nintendo Entertainment System release of the game as Final Fantasy III , Biggs' name was Vicks."	42	NEUTRAL
12	Kennon served as Justice.	Judge Drew served as Justice until Kennon returned to claim his seat in 1945.	42	NEUTRAL
14	Accardo won the Paganini Competition in Genoa.	In 1956 Accardo won the Geneva Competition and in 1958 became the first prize winner of the Paganini Competition in Genoa.	42	NEUTRAL
15	Dawson teaches at Monash University.	"Dawson is currently a Professorial Fellow at the University of Melbourne, and an Adjunct Professor at Monash University."	42	NEUTRAL
17	David Golinkin is the author of dozen of responsa of the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards of the Rabbinical Assembly.	"David Golinkin is single-handedly responsible for uncovering and re-publishing dozens of responsa of the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards of the Rabbinical Assembly, making them available to the general public in a three-volume set."	42	CONTRADICTION
19	Reinsdorf was the chairman of the White Sox for 24 seasons.	"During Reinsdorf's 24 seasons as chairman of the White Sox, the team has captured American League division championships three times, including an AL Central title in 2000."	42	NEUTRAL
20	The White Sox have won 24 championships.	"During Reinsdorf's 24 seasons as chairman of the White Sox, the team has captured American League division championships three times, including an AL Central title in 2000."	42	CONTRADICTION
23	Kepa was the father of four children.	"Kepa was married for many years to Ro Teimumu Kepa, an Adi (Fijian chief) and politician in her own right. They had four children: Filipe, Sailosi, Jr., Asenaca, and Tupoutu'a."	42	NEUTRAL
24	Sean Brown plays in the National Hockey League.	"Sean Brown (born November 5, 1976 in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada) is a National Hockey League utility player and enforcer."	42	NEUTRAL
25	Brockwell was born in Surrey.	"Born in Kingston-upon-Thames, Surrey, Brockwell played his county cricket for the very strong Surrey side of the last years of the 19th century."	42	NEUTRAL
26	Brockwell was born in the last years of the 19th century.	"Born in Kingston-upon-Thames, Surrey, Brockwell played his county cricket for the very strong Surrey side of the last years of the 19th century."	42	CONTRADICTION
27	Jeff Hunt was a member of At the Drive-In.	"Crime in Choir is an instrumental progressive rock band from San Francisco. The founding lineup in the fall of 2000 consisted of Kenny Hopper, an early member of At the Drive-In, Jeff Hunt and Zach Hill of Hella."	42	CONTRADICTION
28	Achille Occhetto was a leader of the PCI.	"Natta was confirmed as leader of the PCI during the Florence congress in 1986, but in 1988 he was forced to resign by a heart attack and was succeeded by Achille Occhetto."	42	NEUTRAL
30	KUPX was an affiliate of KOOG.	"KOOG was Utah's first Pax affiliate, and changed its call letters to KUPX in February 1998."	42	CONTRADICTION
31	Wetherill was the inventor of the concept of the Concordia Diagram.	"Upon receiving his Ph.D., Wetherill became a staff member at Carnegie's Department of Terrestrial Magnetism (DTM) in Washington, D.C. He originated the concept of the Concordia Diagram for the uranium-lead isotopic system."	42	NEUTRAL
33	The Gaspé Peninsula is located in Quebec.	"The Gaspé Peninsula or just the Gaspé ( la Gaspésie in French) is a North American peninsula on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence River, in Quebec."	42	NEUTRAL
35	Harriet Lane was a relative of President James Buchanan.	"A Revenue Cutter, the ship was named for Harriet Lane, niece of President James Buchanan, who served as Buchanan's White House hostess."	42	NEUTRAL
36	Harriet Lane worked at the White House.	"A Revenue Cutter, the ship was named for Harriet Lane, niece of President James Buchanan, who served as Buchanan's White House hostess."	42	NEUTRAL
37	The American Civil War started in 1861.	"She was transferred again to Navy when the American Civil War began, 1861."	42	NEUTRAL
40	Gravetye Manor is located in West Sussex.	"Robinson's garden style can be seen today at Gravetye Manor, West Sussex, England, though it is more manicured than it was in Robinson's time."	42	NEUTRAL
41	Robinson was born in Ireland.	"Robinson left his native Ireland in 1861 to take up a job at the Botanical Gardens of Regents Park, London, and then worked for the leading horticultural firm of Veitch."	42	NEUTRAL
42	Robinson was a member of the Linnaean Society.	Robinson became a fellow of the Linnaean Society at the age of 29 and a successful gardening correspondent of The Times .	42	NEUTRAL
43	Gertrude Jekyll co-authored The Wild Garden.	"He wrote many books, including two particularly influential ones, The Wild Garden, and The English Flower Garden; his lifelong friend Gertrude Jekyll contributed some sections."	42	NEUTRAL
44	Robinson was a business partner of Gertrude Jekyll.	The first meeting between Robinson and Gertrude Jekyll was in 1875; they were in accord in their design principles and maintained a close friendship and professional association for over 50 years.	42	NEUTRAL
46	Hillman's Airways was sold to British Airways.	"British Airways Ltd was first formed as Allied British Airways in October, 1935 by the merger of Spartan Air Lines and United Airways. It rapidly acquired Hillman's Airways, adopted its definitive name, and transferred its UK base to the new Gatwick Airport."	42	NEUTRAL
47	Sir James Burnett was the owner of the Crathes castle.	"The Crathes castle served as the ancestral seat of the Burnetts of Leys until gifted to the National Trust for Scotland by the 13th Baronet of Leys, Sir James Burnett in 1951."	42	NEUTRAL
48	The Crathes caste was bought by the National Trust for Scotland.	"The Crathes castle served as the ancestral seat of the Burnetts of Leys until gifted to the National Trust for Scotland by the 13th Baronet of Leys, Sir James Burnett in 1951."	42	CONTRADICTION
49	The Brigham Young University Jerusalem Center for Near-Eastern Studies is located in Jerusalem.	The Brigham Young University Jerusalem Center for Near-Eastern Studies is a study center for Brigham Young University situated on Mount Scopus in East Jerusalem.	42	NEUTRAL
51	The LDS Church was banned from Israel.	"A major controversy sparked in Israel and in the Jewish world as a whole, leading to careful diplomatic negotiations between the LDS Church and Jewish leaders, to ensure that the LDS Church would not use the Center as a base to proselytize in the Jewish State."	42	CONTRADICTION
52	Oscar Chisini died in 1967.	"Oscar Chisini (born March 4, 1889 in Bergamo, died April 10, 1967 in Milan) was an Italian mathematician. He introduced the Chisini mean in 1929."	42	NEUTRAL
53	The Institute of Mathematics is based in Milan.	"In 1929 he founded the Institute of Mathematics ( Istituto di Matematica ) at the University of Milan, along with Gian Antonio Maggi and Giulio Vivanti."	42	NEUTRAL
54	The University of Milan was founded by Gian Antonio Maggi and Giulio Vivanti.	"In 1929 he founded the Institute of Mathematics ( Istituto di Matematica ) at the University of Milan, along with Gian Antonio Maggi and Giulio Vivanti."	42	CONTRADICTION
55	The Philippines surrendered to the Japanese army.	"The Japanese surrendered on May 25, 1945, thus, Magdalena, as well as the Philippines, was liberated from the tyranny of the Japanese army."	42	CONTRADICTION
57	The longest lava tube in the world is located in the Hawai'i.	"Kazumura Cave is the longest, and the deepest lava tube in the world. Located on the southeastern slopes of Mauna Loa, the southern summit is on Big Island, Hawai'i."	42	NEUTRAL
60	Fiona Wood graduated from St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London.	"A graduate of St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London, Fiona Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony Keirath and migrating to Perth with their first two children in 1987."	42	NEUTRAL
61	Fiona Wood is Tony Keirath's wife.	"A graduate of St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London, Fiona Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony Keirath and migrating to Perth with their first two children in 1987."	42	NEUTRAL
63	Fiona Wood was of Australian origin.	"A graduate of St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London, Fiona Wood worked at a major British hospital before marrying Western Australian born surgeon Tony Keirath and migrating to Perth with their first two children in 1987."	42	CONTRADICTION
64	The town of Maldon is located in Britain.	"Maldon is a town in Victoria, Australia, in the Mount Alexander Shire local government area. A town in Britain bears the same name."	42	NEUTRAL
65	Reinventing Comics is a book by Scott McCloud.	The infinite canvas is the idea that the size of a digital comics page is theoretically infinite. The concept was introduced by Scott McCloud in his book Reinventing Comics.	42	NEUTRAL
66	InfiniteCanvas was created by Markus Müller.	"In June of 2004, an application called InfiniteCanvas (or IC) was released by student Markus Müller, attempting to provide a solution to the common problems of infinite canvas."	42	NEUTRAL
68	No people live on Scott Island.	"Scott Island is a small uninhabited island of volcanic origin in the Southern Ocean, 505 km northeastward of Cape Adare, the northeastern extremity of Victoria Land."	42	NEUTRAL
69	Haggits Pillar is located in Scott Island.	"Scott Island is 370 metres long and 180 m wide, with the highest elevation being Haggits Pillar at 63 m."	42	NEUTRAL
70	William Colbeck reached Markham Island in December 1902.	"Scott Island was discovered and landed upon in December 1902 by Captain William Colbeck commander of the Morning , relief ship for Capt. Robert F. Scott's expedition. The island was then named Markham Island."	42	NEUTRAL
72	Ullmann worked as a Professor at the Technischen Hochschule Berlin.	"Ullmann taught technical chemistry during 1905-1913 and 1922-1925 at the Technischen Hochschule Berlin -now Technical University of Berlin-, first as part of the ordinary teaching staff, later on as a Professor."	42	NEUTRAL
74	Quasars were discovered at the end of the 1950s.	"By the end of the 1950s the resolution of radio telescopes was sufficient to be able to identify specific radio sources with optical counterparts, leading to the discovery of quasars."	42	NEUTRAL
75	The Zoopraxiscope was invented by Muybridge.	Muybridge had earlier developed an invention he called the Zoopraxiscope.	42	NEUTRAL
76	Dickson worked for Edison.	"Edison, Dickson and the other employees of Edison's laboratory made progress on the design to a point."	42	NEUTRAL
77	George Selden produced an automobile.	"Shortly thereafter the fledgling American auto industry began its first efforts and George Selden, despite never actually producing a working model of an automobile, had a credible claim to have patented the automobile."	42	CONTRADICTION
78	King Henry II banned tournaments.	By the 12th century the tournament had grown so popular in England that King Henry II found it necessary to forbid the sport which gathered in one place so many barons and knights in arms.	42	NEUTRAL
80	Buckley's Mixture is a remedy against cough.	Buckley's Mixture is a cough syrup invented in 1919 (and still produced today) noted for its extremely bitter taste.	42	NEUTRAL
81	John Holles received the title of Newcastle-under-Lyne.	"The title was again created for John Holles. When he died in 1711 the title became extinct but his estates passed to his nephew Thomas Pelham, who three years later upon coming of age received the title in its third creation. In 1757 he received the additional title of Newcastle-under-Lyne."	42	CONTRADICTION
82	Don Mauricio San Mateo held the position of Capitan.	The first Teniente Alcalde or Capitan (the highest political authority in a town) was Don Mauricio San Mateo.	42	NEUTRAL
83	Celestial Seasonings was founded by Mo Siegel and John Hay.	"Celestial Seasonings is a tea company based in Boulder, Colorado that specialises in herbal tea but also sells green and black tea (as well as white and oolong blends). Its founders Mo Siegel, John Hay and others started gathering herbs and flowers in the mountains around Boulder and selling them to local health-food stores in 1969."	42	NEUTRAL
84	Kraft sold Celestial Seasonings.	Celestial Seasonings was purchased by Kraft Foods in 1984 which expanded the marketing of the brand both nationally and internationally.	42	CONTRADICTION
85	Kraft sold Celestial Seasonings to Lipton in 1986.	"Mo Siegel retired in 1986, and the next year, Kraft announced they would sell Celestial Seasonings to Lipton."	42	CONTRADICTION
86	Kraft sold Celestial Seasonings.	"Mo Siegel retired in 1986, and the next year, Kraft announced they would sell Celestial Seasonings to Lipton. The sale was successfully challenged by Bigelow under anti-trust laws, and local management purchased the company back from Kraft in 1988."	42	NEUTRAL
87	Soto Toro invented a 3D measuring system.	"Dr. Felix Soto Toro (born 1967 in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico), is an astronaut applicant and an Electrical Designs Engineer in NASA, who developed an electronic 3D measuring system."	42	NEUTRAL
88	Levomepromazine is a remedy against insomnia.	Levomepromazine has off-label uses as an antiemetic for cancer patients and for the treatment of cases of treatment-resistant insomnia.	42	NEUTRAL
89	Levomepromazine reduces the side-effects of opioids.	"If levomepromazine is given concomitantly with opioids, the opioid-dose should be reduced, because levomepromazine amplifies the therapeutic actions and side-effects of opioids massively."	42	CONTRADICTION
90	278 teams from all over the world participated in the first Windows Challenge.	"The first Windows Challenge was held in 2004, consisting of less than 30 teams within the United States. In 2005, it was opened to the rest of the world. 278 teams from all over the world participated."	42	CONTRADICTION
91	Blackhawks are based in Chicago.	"The United Center, home for the Bulls and Chicago Blackhawks, opened for the 1994-95 season, and the Bulls began using the Sheri L. Berto Center, their state-of-the-art training facility, in 1992."	42	NEUTRAL
93	Chicago White Sox Charities support children with special needs.	"The Miracle Field, which is a field specifically designed for children with special needs, is the third field of its kind built in the last year in the Chicago area with funds from Chicago White Sox Charities."	42	NEUTRAL
94	Techwood Homes was situated next to Clark Howell Homes.	Techwood Homes was demolished in 1995 before the 1996 Summer Olympics. It and neighboring Clark Howell Homes are now a mixed-use area called Centennial Place.	42	NEUTRAL
95	The atomic tests at Bikini Atoll took place in 1946.	"After delivering her patients, the ship sailed 26 May 1946 for the atomic tests at Bikini Atoll, and after providing medical services during the series of nuclear blasts during Operation Crossroads, she returned to Seattle 15 August 1946."	42	NEUTRAL
96	Loraine took part in the musical Dreamgirls.	"Lauren landed her first job performing in the national touring company of the musical Dreamgirls. Loraine would often step in for her sister in Dreamgirls, in which they played the role of Mimi Marquez."	42	NEUTRAL
97	Illinois borders on Missouri.	"From the Illinois side of the bridge, signs marked HISTORIC ROUTE 66 SPUR take travellers to the Illinois side of the bridge and a HISTORIC ROUTE 66 sign marks the Missouri side of the bridge."	42	NEUTRAL
98	The Labour lost the majority in the May 2005 election.	"In the May 2005 general election Michael Howard failed to unseat the Labour Government, although the Conservatives did gain 33 seats, playing the most significant role in reducing Labour's majority from 167 to 66."	42	CONTRADICTION
99	Michael Howard was part of the Labour Government.	"In the May 2005 general election Michael Howard failed to unseat the Labour Government, although the Conservatives did gain 33 seats, playing the most significant role in reducing Labour's majority from 167 to 66."	42	CONTRADICTION
105	Maler retired in 1905.	"Maler ended his physically demanding expeditions in the jungles in 1905 and retired to his home in Mérida, Yucatán."	42	NEUTRAL
106	Maler lived in Yucatán.	"Maler ended his physically demanding expeditions in the jungles in 1905 and retired to his home in Mérida, Yucatán."	42	NEUTRAL
107	Primrose Hill is located in London.	Primrose Hill is a hill and district located on the north side of Regent's Park. The hill has a fine view of central London. Like Regent's Park the area was once part of a great chase appropriated by Henry VIII and became Crown property in 1841.	42	NEUTRAL
110	Leloir won the Premio de la Sociedad Científica Argentina.	"Leloir was promptly given the Premio de la Sociedad Científica Argentina, one of few to receive such a prize in a country in which he was a foreigner."	42	NEUTRAL
111	Leloir was born in Argentina.	"Leloir was promptly given the Premio de la Sociedad Científica Argentina, one of few to receive such a prize in a country in which he was a foreigner."	42	CONTRADICTION
112	Carrie Tomlinson was Mrs. John Bower's sister.	"Belknap married and lost his first two wives, Cora LeRoy and Carrie Tomlinson, and married Mrs. John Bower, his second wife's sister."	42	NEUTRAL
113	Belknap was married to Carrie Tomlinson.	"Belknap married and lost his first two wives, Cora LeRoy and Carrie Tomlinson, and married Mrs. John Bower, his second wife's sister."	42	NEUTRAL
114	Belknap was accused of having received money in return for post tradership appointments.	Belknap was impeached by a unanimous vote of the House of Representatives for allegedly having received money in return for post tradership appointments.	42	NEUTRAL
116	The Vasquez Rocks Natural Area Park is a property of the LA County government.	Vasquez Rocks Natural Area Park is a northern Los Angeles County park acquired by LA County government in the 1970s.	42	NEUTRAL
117	Agua Dulce is found just north of Los Angeles.	Vasquez Rocks are located in the Agua Dulce vicinity between the Antelope Valley and the Santa Clarita Valley just north of Los Angeles and seen easily by motorists driving the Antelope Valley Freeway.	42	NEUTRAL
118	Vasquez Rocks are part of the San Andreas Fault.	"Vasquez Rocks' history began in prehistoric times when the sandstone rocks were uplifted at a picturesque angle, showing their jagged red features. The rock formations are part of the San Andreas Fault."	42	NEUTRAL
120	Father Bátiz was killed by a band of ranchers.	"A band of ranchers under the leadership of Pedro Quintanar, upon hearing that Father Bátiz had been killed, seized the local treasury and declared themselves in rebellion."	42	CONTRADICTION
121	Pedro Quintanar was the leader of a band of ranchers.	"A band of ranchers under the leadership of Pedro Quintanar, upon hearing that Father Bátiz had been killed, seized the local treasury and declared themselves in rebellion."	42	NEUTRAL
122	Luis Navarro Origel became a guerilla.	"Another uprising was led by the mayor of Pénjamo, Guanajuato, Luis Navarro Origel, beginning on September 28. He was defeated by federal troops in the open land around the town, but retreated into the mountains, where he and his men continued as guerrillas."	42	NEUTRAL
123	The Mexican Association of Catholic Youth was lead by René Capistran Garza.	"This region became the main focal point of the rebellion lead by 27-year-old René Capistran Garza, leader of the Mexican Association of Catholic Youth."	42	NEUTRAL
124	Wilkins arrived in Italy in 1987.	"Though Wilkins and his family settled quickly in Italy, it wasn't a successful era for Milan, and Wilkins was allowed to leave in 1987 to join French outfit Paris Saint-Germain."	42	CONTRADICTION
125	England defeated Portugal in the 1986 World Cup.	"Wilkins was chosen for the England's squad which qualified for the 1986 World Cup in Mexico, and played in the opening defeat against Portugal."	42	CONTRADICTION
126	André Henri Constant van Hasselt was educated in Maastricht.	"André Henri Constant van Hasselt was born at Maastricht, in Limburg. He was educated in his native town, and at the university of Liège."	42	NEUTRAL
127	Van Hasselt was of Belgian origin.	"In 1833 Van Hasselt left Maastricht, then blockaded by the Belgian forces, and made his way to Brussels, where he became a naturalized Belgian, and was attached to the Bibliotheque de Bourgogne."	42	CONTRADICTION
128	Bountiful reached Honolulu in April 1944.	"Bountiful departed San Francisco 1 April 1944 for Honolulu, returned later that month, and sailed once more 1 May for the western Pacific."	42	NEUTRAL
129	The Romans arrived in Britain around AD 50.	"Tripontium was initially a military frontier post, established soon after the Roman invasion of Britain around AD 50."	42	NEUTRAL
131	Kaplan was extradited to Turkey.	"In early May 2004 Kaplan lost his refugee status and faced extradition to Turkey, but before German police could arrest him, Kaplan disappeared from Cologne."	42	CONTRADICTION
132	Britons are missing in Sharm el-Sheikh.	"Families of Britons missing after bombings in Sharm el-Sheikh begun flying out to the Red Sea resort on Tuesday, a Foreign Office spokeswoman said."	42	NEUTRAL
133	Derek Plumbly is a diplomat of Egypt.	"The British ambassador to Egypt, Derek Plumbly, told Reuters on Monday that authorities had compiled the list of 10 based on lists from tour companies and from families whose relatives have not been in contact since the bombings."	42	CONTRADICTION
134	A group of Pakistanis have been arrested for helping in the bombings.	The Egyptian government on Tuesday dismissed speculation that a group of missing Pakistanis had helped in the bombings.	42	CONTRADICTION
137	"Some 2,500 people have been arrested after the attack on the Hilton hotel in Taba."	"Human rights groups say police detained some 2,500 people after the attack on the Hilton hotel in Taba and mistreated many of them."	42	NEUTRAL
138	Mylan Laboratories Inc. earned $1.3 billion in fiscal year 2005.	Rival generic drug maker Mylan Laboratories Inc. reported revenue of $1.3 billion for fiscal 2005.	42	NEUTRAL
139	Teva earns $7 billion a year.	"After the deal closes, Teva will generate sales of about $7 billion a year, the company said."	42	CONTRADICTION
141	Omar is of British origin.	"Dozens of anti-terrorist police a swept into a neighborhood of Britain's second-largest city to arrest Omar, a Somali citizen with British residency who is suspected in the attack on the Warren Street subway station."	42	CONTRADICTION
144	Reagan reduced taxes by 25%.	"When President Ronald Reagan implemented the Economic Recovery Tax Act in 1981, he gradually cut taxes across the board by 25%."	42	NEUTRAL
148	Beverly worked for WEDCOR.	Beverly served in various internships including administrative assistant at the Wabash County Economic Development Corporation (WEDCOR).	42	NEUTRAL
149	Pinkerton works with Beverly.	"Joining Pinkerton at the Chamber of Commerce, is Lindsey Beverly, who will be the new executive assistant."	42	NEUTRAL
151	Dean Lynn Hart resides in Storey County.	Dean Lynn Hart was arrested Tuesday at his Storey County home after the attack at a Reno residence in the 4200 block of Truckee River Trail.	42	NEUTRAL
152	"Baird was the owner of ABC Marketing, Inc."	"Eiken teamed with ABC Marketing, Inc. - a small firm owned by local Jefferson Citian Alan Baird."	42	NEUTRAL
154	Shrek was produced by McDonald's.	"McDonald's announced yesterday that it was joining with DreamWorks Animation SKG to create promotions based on the studio's film characters, including Shrek."	42	CONTRADICTION
155	Consuming Kids was written by Susan Linn.	"It's irresponsible, said Susan Linn, a psychologist at the Judge Baker Children's Center in Boston and author of the book Consuming Kids."	42	NEUTRAL
157	Katzenberg filed a suit against Disney.	Mr. Katzenberg is a former Disney executive and was involved in a high-profile lawsuit against the company to recover money he felt he was owed.	42	NEUTRAL
158	Gotti was accused of extortion.	"Mr. Gotti, who is already serving nine years on extortion charges, was sentenced to an additional 25 years by Judge Richard D. Casey of Federal District Court."	42	NEUTRAL
159	Salvatore Gravano was killed by Peter Gotti.	Yesterday's sentence was for Peter Gotti's conviction last December on other extortion charges as well as on charges of ordering the murder - ultimately unsuccessful - of Salvatore Gravano.	42	CONTRADICTION
160	Casey serves as a judge at the Federal District Court.	"Mr. Gotti, who is already serving nine years on extortion charges, was sentenced to an additional 25 years by Judge Richard D. Casey of Federal District Court."	42	NEUTRAL
162	FMLN launched an offensive on 11 November.	President Vinicio Cerezo has tacitly blamed President Alfredo Cristiani's administration for the crisis which prevails in the country as a result of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front's (FMLN) offensive which was launched on Saturday 11 November.	42	NEUTRAL
164	The amount of power produced in Minnesota stands at 895 megawatts.	Governor Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota signed a bill into law on Thursday that requires the state to generate a significant amount of its energy needs from renewable sources. The amount of power generated by wind turbines in the state stands now at 895 megawatts.	42	CONTRADICTION
165	Romano Prodi is the Italian Prime Minister.	"The President of the Italian Republic, Giorgio Napolitano, has asked Romano Prodi today to stay on as Prime Minister, but Prodi will need to pass a confidence vote as soon as possible."	42	NEUTRAL
166	XM Satellite Radio will merge with Sirius Satellite Radio.	"On 19 February 2007, XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio announced a move that will change the face of satellite radio in the United States and Canada: XM and Sirius will be merging, creating a single satellite radio provider."	42	NEUTRAL
167	XM and Sirius are providers of satellite radio.	"On 19 February 2007, XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio announced a move that will change the face of satellite radio in the United States and Canada: XM and Sirius will be merging, creating a single satellite radio provider."	42	NEUTRAL
168	Mel Karmazin is an executive of Sirius.	Sirius CEO Mel Karmazin will retain his CEO title in the new company.	42	NEUTRAL
169	Manchester United defeated Fulham.	"Fulham pressed for an equalizer, but Manchester United prevailed, continuing their winning run this Premiere League season."	42	NEUTRAL
171	Around 70 million people participate in pilgrimage to the Ganges river.	"India's yearly pilgrimage to the Ganges river, worshiped by Hindus as the goddess Ganga, is the worlds largest gathering of people, with around 70 million participants, dwarfing other religious pilgrimages."	42	NEUTRAL
173	King Albert II of Belgium is the father of Prince Laurent.	"Prince Laurent of Belgium, the youngest son of King Albert II of Belgium, has been questioned last night by the federal police and is attending today's court session in Hasselt in a marine fraud case that has gripped Belgian media since last December."	42	NEUTRAL
175	Nancy and Domenic Ianiero had Canadian citizenship.	"DePrisco is the third Canadian who has recently died in Mexico, after Nancy and Domenic Ianiero, a couple also from Woodbridge, who were stabbed to death at a luxury resort hotel near Cancun, also a popular vacation destination."	42	NEUTRAL
176	Nancy Ianiero was killed in Mexico.	"DePrisco is the third Canadian who has recently died in Mexico, after Nancy and Domenic Ianiero, a couple also from Woodbridge, who were stabbed to death at a luxury resort hotel near Cancun, also a popular vacation destination."	42	NEUTRAL
177	UK interest rates went up from 5% to 5.25%.	"In a move widely viewed as surprising, the Bank of England raised UK interest rates from 5% to 5.25%, the highest in five years."	42	NEUTRAL
178	Three people were killed by a storm in Saskatchewan.	"As of Friday, January 12, three people in Saskatchewan had succumbed to the storm."	42	NEUTRAL
180	iPhone is produced by Cisco.	"The dispute has come up between the manufacturer of the iPhone (which was resented on Wednesday for the first time) - Apple Inc. - and a leader in network and communication systems, based in San Jose - Cisco."	42	CONTRADICTION
184	Five men have been killed by a serial killer in Mumbai.	A serial killer on Mumbai's streets killed yet another person last night; making the latter one of five young men murdered recently.	42	NEUTRAL
185	Raman Raghav works as a senior police official.	"Mumbai Police have established a 90-man team tasked with nabbing the serial killer, who a senior police official compared to Raman Raghav, who bludgeoned 9 pavement dwellers in their sleep in the 60s."	42	CONTRADICTION
186	9 people were assassinated by Raman Raghav.	"Mumbai Police have established a 90-man team tasked with nabbing the serial killer, who a senior police official compared to Raman Raghav, who bludgeoned 9 pavement dwellers in their sleep in the 60s."	42	NEUTRAL
187	Stephen Harper is the Prime Minister of Canada.	"Arnold Schwarzenegger, best known for his role in The Terminator and being the Governor of California (which earned him the nickname The Governator), has been invited by the Prime Minister's Office to visit Canada. Schwarzenegger is reported to have higher expectations for reducing greenhouse gas emissions than Prime Minister Stephen Harper."	42	NEUTRAL
188	The Canadian PM attended the inauguration of the president of Mexico.	"The Canadian PM and The Governator first met when they went to Mexico for the inauguration of Felipe Calderón, the president of Mexico."	42	NEUTRAL
190	Apple's profits rose by 78 percent during the last quarter of 2006.	"The American computer company Apple has reached 78 percent increase in its profits during the last quarter, which ended December 30, 2006."	42	NEUTRAL
191	Rochom P'ngieng disappeared in the jungles of Cambodia.	"A woman who disappeared in the jungles of Cambodia at the age of 8, has been found after having lived as a feral child for 19 years. She is identified as Rochom P'ngieng, who disappeared in 1988, when tending buffalos in a remote part of the jungles of north-eastern Cambodia."	42	NEUTRAL
195	The FMLN carried out an attack in San Salvador.	"The FMLN launched this aggression with all of its forces, chiefly using a concentration of weapons and fighters in the San Salvador metropolitan zone."	42	NEUTRAL
196	Four military men died in a plane crash.	There are no reports so far as to whether any relatives have claimed the bodies of the four military men who were reportedly killed when the plane crashed.	42	NEUTRAL
197	Canada beat USA.	"In his first play of Winter Universiade 2007 Hockey team of Canada defeated USA 5-0, while in another game the home team of Italy lost to Kazakhstan 3-1."	42	NEUTRAL
198	Italy beat Kazakhstan.	"In his first play of Winter Universiade 2007 Hockey team of Canada defeated USA 5-0, while in another game the home team of Italy lost to Kazakhstan 3-1."	42	CONTRADICTION
199	John Odgren is suspected of stabbing James Alenson.	"In the United States, a stabbing at the Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School in Sudbury, Massachusetts has left a 15-year old student dead. The stabbing happened around 7:20 am EST, before classes had started. A fight broke out in a boys' bathroom between the 15-year old victim, James Alenson and 16-year-old suspect John Odgren, the fight spilled out in the hallway, where the stabbing occurred."	42	NEUTRAL
201	New buildings have been erected in Berlin.	"Berlin has a new landmark. Among the cranes which still dominate the skyline of Europe's newest capital now stands a chancellery, where the head of government Gerhard Schroeder will live and the German cabinet will hold its regular meetings."	42	NEUTRAL
203	New buildings have been erected in Berlin.	"Only a few of the embassies, mainly those of states accredited in the German Democratic Republic (GDR), were able to make use of existing buildings in Berlin. The majority of the embassies had to have new buildings erected or buildings that were already in place adapted for this new use."	42	NEUTRAL
206	Drugs in Holland are easily bought.	It didn't happen because the cream of England's thugs was smoking pot which is easily and legally available in the Netherlands.	42	NEUTRAL
207	Drugs in Holland are easily bought.	The Netherlands' vaunted drug policies - legalizing the public sale of cannabis products in the now-famous coffee shops and adopting a generally lenient attitude toward drug use - have turned the country into the narcotics capital of western Europe.	42	NEUTRAL
208	Floods ravage Europe.	"Heavy rains across central and eastern Europe have created flooding conditions not seen for centuries, killing more than 100 people, forcing the evacuation of hundreds of thousands of others, and devastating historic city centres in Germany and the Czech Republic. Flooding also has hit communities in Austria, Slovakia, Russia and Romania."	42	NEUTRAL
209	Floods ravage Europe.	Rescue workers completed an airlift evacuation of a half-submerged riverside district of the Swiss capital Thursday as large parts of central and southern Europe were hit by flooding that killed at least 42 people.	42	NEUTRAL
210	European Union expands its membership.	"Huge celebrations have been held in Romania and Bulgaria to mark their accession to the European Union, 17 years after the fall of Communism."	42	NEUTRAL
211	European Union expands its membership.	The EU enlargement to 25 countries took place on 1 May 2004 when 10 of the 12 candidates joined.  Bulgaria and Romania followed on 1 January 2007.	42	NEUTRAL
216	Pierre Bérégovoy commits suicide.	"Pierre Bérégovoy died on 1 May 1993, in Paris after being transported by helicopter from Nevers (Nièvre), where he had been found an hour earlier, in a coma with two bullets in the head. The second bullet was attributed to a nervous reflex. Police investigators ruled his death as a suicide, confirming his bodyguard's deposition, who claimed the former prime minister was with him when he grabbed the guard's gun, which is more plausible than the first version of events which appeared in the press relating that Bérégovoy had returned alone to the car and had taken the gun from the glove box."	42	NEUTRAL
217	Pierre Bérégovoy commits suicide.	"Pierre Beregovoy, until a month ago Prime Minister of France, apparently left no message when he shot himself on Saturday with a borrowed gun."	42	NEUTRAL
221	A new Constitution was adopted in South Africa.	The text duly became the Constitution of the Republic of South Africa in 1996 and came into effect in February 1997. It has been amended twelve times since its adoption.	42	NEUTRAL
224	Solar Temple members were found dead.	53 members of the Solar Temple were found dead at two locations in Switzerland near Geneva.	42	NEUTRAL
225	Solar Temple members were found dead.	"The Order of the Solar Temple lost 69 members in mass suicides in Switzerland, Canada and France between 1994 and 1995, according to the prosecutor's office."	42	NEUTRAL
228	UN Conference discusses birth control.	"At the UN Conference on Population in Cairo 1994, a number of Muslim countries joined hands with the Vatican in opposing contraceptives and abortion. On the occasion of this UN conference, the Rabita called a meeting chaired by the Saudi king, where a resolution was passed against the legalization of abortion against a policy of con­ceding sexual rights to adolescents and unmarried persons against raising the marriageable age."	42	NEUTRAL
229	Tourism falls in the U.S.	"As international travel booms, the United States is fast losing market share in large part, industry executives say, because for many non-Americans, it has become simply too much of a hassle to get into the country since Sept. 11, 2001."	42	NEUTRAL
231	Tourism falls in the U.S.	"The U.S. plan to require people traveling between the United States and Canada to have passports or similar identification is already hurting cross-border tourism, and it's not even in effect yet, tourism officials say."	42	NEUTRAL
233	The French Academy was founded by Richelieu.	"Girard will add to his list of honors and achievements this month, when he is inducted into the august French Academy, a body of 40 members founded by Cardinal de Richelieu in 1635."	42	NEUTRAL
234	The French Academy was founded by Richelieu.	"Richelieu was also a great patron of the arts. He rebuilt the Sorbonne in Paris, supported promising writers and founded the French Academy."	42	NEUTRAL
235	A bush fire has started near Sydney.	In late November Sydney was covered in smoke after raging fires in the Blue Mountains. One of the major fires was lit by a lightning strike near Burra Korain Head inside the Blue Mountains National Park on 13 November.	42	NEUTRAL
236	A bush fire has started near Sydney.	"Officials said Monday that arsonists were likely responsible for lighting some of the more than 50 wildfires that raged over the weekend around Sydney, destroying seven homes and bringing an early, menacing start to Australia's fire season."	42	NEUTRAL
239	Gulf war soldiers complain of illness.	"While the Gulf War allies were victorious on the battlefield, researchers thus far are being defeated in efforts to find out what has made so many of the veterans sick. But two new studies indicate the veterans are not much more likely to die or be hospitalized than soldiers who did not fight in the region."	42	NEUTRAL
240	Gulf war soldiers complain of illness.	An independent inquiry has backed Gulf War veterans claims that some did suffer ill-health as a result of their service in the 1991 conflict.	42	NEUTRAL
246	Airplane accidents are decreasing.	"Overall the accident rate worldwide for commercial aviation has been falling fairly dramatically especially during the period between 1950 and 1970, largely due to the introduction of new technology during this period."	42	NEUTRAL
248	Postmenopausal pregnancy is subject to risks.	"At present, establishing pregnancy in postmenopausal women is more an ethical than a medical issue, partly because the information reported on pregnancy in postmenopausal women is insufficient to determine a reliable risk profile. In these women cardiovascular ageing accelerates. Therefore, until proven otherwise, postmenopausal women should be considered particularly at increased risk for vascular complications during pregnancy."	42	NEUTRAL
249	World Trade Organization mediates trade disputes.	"The WTO administers the agreements, handles trade disputes, monitors national trade policies, provides technical assistance and training for developing countries, and cooperates with other international organizations."	42	NEUTRAL
250	World Trade Organization mediates trade disputes.	"Disputes in the WTO are essentially about broken promises. WTO members have agreed that if they believe fellow-members are violating trade rules, they will use the multilateral system of settling disputes instead of taking action unilaterally."	42	NEUTRAL
252	High-level political corruption is present in Italy.	"After 1992, the Clean Hands investigation of political corruption brought about the most serious political crisis in the history of the Italian Republic, quickly extending to the uppermost levels of the political and economic system. In a matter of months, the magistracy uncovered a scene of corruption and political illegality without precedent in the history of the western democracies, involving the entire political class of the country and broad sectors of its business community."	42	NEUTRAL
255	Vikings landed in Scotland.	"Many of the Vikings who travelled to Scotland, and other parts of Europe were traders or peaceful settlers looking for land to farm."	42	NEUTRAL
256	Vikings landed in Scotland.	"Evidence suggests that the Vikings invaded certain areas of Scotland, including the Outer Hebrides, Shetland, and some of Caithness and Sutherland, and settled there."	42	NEUTRAL
258	Information about what manatees eat is available.	Manatees are vegetarians. They eat sea grass and other vegetation such as algae that they find in the shallow waters that they live in.	42	NEUTRAL
259	Information about what manatees eat is available.	"They consume huge quantities of food each day-a large adult can eat several hundred pounds of vegetation daily-mostly from shallow waters and near shore. Manatees also occasionally eat fish and snails, which are an important source of calcium, phosphorus, and protein."	42	NEUTRAL
261	Hubble Telescope celebrates its anniversary.	"To celebrate the Hubble Space Telescope's 16 years of success, the two space agencies involved in the project, NASA and the European Space Agency (ESA), are releasing this image Messier 82."	42	NEUTRAL
264	New hydroelectric projects are planned.	Manitoba Hydro has announced plans for two new hydroelectric generating stations (GS) in Northern Manitoba: Wuskwatim GS on the Burntwood River and Gull (Keeyask) GS on the Nelson River.	42	NEUTRAL
266	Marine vegetation improves water quality.	"CSIRO researchers have established that culturing marine plants, oysters or other filtering organisms in farm discharge water can significantly improve the water quality."	42	NEUTRAL
267	Undersea fiber optic cable improves communications.	"A consortium of companies is planning to build East Africa's first international undersea fiber optic communications line, which will complete a much needed fiber loop around the continent. Once in place, the cable will provide that part of Africa the broadband connection necessary for delivering the same affordable telecommunications advances now enjoyed by most countries in other parts of the world."	42	NEUTRAL
269	Art crime is increasing.	"In November, the unit organised an exhibition of forgeries at the V&A to highlight the increasing prevalence and sophistication of art crime."	42	NEUTRAL
272	Black bear attacks people.	"My bud, the Codger Logger, has told me of a black bear attack in Laclede several decades ago. In that incident, the bear grabbed the toddler and was making off with the baby."	42	NEUTRAL
273	Black bear attacks people.	Black bears are dangerous. They can and do kill people.	42	NEUTRAL
274	Airports increase security.	Passengers at European airports faced heightened security checks Wednesday as officials sought measures to prevent terrorists from repeating devastating attacks that halted air traffic in the United States and over the Atlantic.	42	NEUTRAL
278	Overseas tobacco sales increase.	"Since 1990, the company's cigarette sales have risen by only 4.7% in the United States, but by 80% overseas, while profits from international sales have risen by 71% since 1993."	42	NEUTRAL
280	U.S. sets new educational standards.	"Setting national goals and developing national standards to meet them are recent strategies in the our education reform policy. Support for national education standards by state governments originated in 1989, when the National Governors Association endorsed national education goals. President George Bush immediately added his support by forming the National Education Goals Panel."	42	NEUTRAL
281	All major wildlife species are endangered.	"All major wildlife species are now threatened with extinction. No one has seen a Bengal Tiger, a Puma, a Jaguar or Indonesian Rhinoceros in the natural wildlife habitat for years."	42	NEUTRAL
283	Computer terminals are used to provide health information.	Computer software (ELFIN) designed to provide health information and to monitor patterns of use and unmet need has been developed for the waiting area of health centres.	42	NEUTRAL
284	Computer terminals are used to provide health information.	"A few steps away a teen looks up health information on a computer terminal for an upcoming school assignment, while at another terminal a woman looks for information on diabetes."	42	NEUTRAL
286	Russian court throws out Microsoft piracy case.	A Russian court has dismissed a criminal case against a village school teacher accused of using pirated Microsoft software.	42	NEUTRAL
287	Russian court throws out Microsoft piracy case.	A Russian court threw out a case on Thursday against a headmaster accused of using pirated Microsoft software in his school after President Vladimir Putin and ex-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev criticised the trial.	42	NEUTRAL
288	Russian court throws out Microsoft piracy case.	"A Russian court on Thursday dismissed piracy charges against a local school, calling the case trivial. Russian authorities had found 12 computers at the school with phony versions of Windows and Microsoft Office."	42	NEUTRAL
289	Drugs do not cure mental illness.	Psychiatric drugs do not in any way cure the patient or even make him or her feel better.	42	NEUTRAL
292	Reform allows home schooling.	The new legislation explicitly recognises home schooling as a legitimate education option for the first time and places it on par with school education.	42	NEUTRAL
296	Peace talks succeed in Northern Ireland.	"Irish Republican Army, having submitted long-awaited message to peace negotiators, has raised slim, last-minute hope that former Sen. George J Mitchell's rescue mission might still succeed in moving forward stalemated Northern Ireland peace agreement."	42	CONTRADICTION
297	Peace talks succeed in Northern Ireland.	"It took another 22 years on the long road to the talks table until the first Ceasefire Declaration on August 31st, 1994 was announced by the IRA. This marked the beginning of the Peace Process in Northern Ireland, which in April 1998 resulted in an Agreement covering civil rights issues and relationships."	42	NEUTRAL
298	Tropical storms cause severe damage.	"There will be only one Hurricane Andrew, he said, referring to the Category 5 tropical storm that slammed into south Florida in 1992, causing $26.5 billion in damage and killing 26 people in the United States and Bahamas."	42	NEUTRAL
299	Tropical storms cause severe damage.	"However, also minor tropical storms passing at relatively great distance can cause severe damage."	42	NEUTRAL
303	The US Government protected Everglades from further environmental damage.	"A settlement agreement between the federal government and the State of Florida, and approved by Judge William Hoeveler, imposed a plan to reduce damaging phosphorus levels in the Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge and Everglades National Park by December 31, 2006."	42	NEUTRAL
309	Lillehammer hosts Ice Hockey Olympic Finals.	"Lillehammer Ishockeylubb has played a few games there, but the two most important hockey tournaments played in the arena is the 1994 Olympics (famed for Peter Forsberg's goal in the deciding penalty shootout of the final game) and the 1999 World Ice Hockey Championships."	42	NEUTRAL
314	The assassination of Rabin took place in 1995.	"The assassination of Yitzhak Rabin took place on November 4, 1995 at 21:30, at the end of a rally in support of the Oslo agreements at the Kings of Israel Square in Tel Aviv."	42	NEUTRAL
315	The assassination of Rabin took place in 1995.	"On November 4, 1995, Rabin was assassinated by Yigal Amir, a right-wing Jewish radical who had strenuously opposed Rabin's signing of the Oslo Accords, after attending a rally promoting the Oslo process at Tel Aviv's Kings of Israel Square (which was renamed Yitzhak Rabin Square after his death)."	42	NEUTRAL
320	Golden Globes for 1994 were awarded in Los Angeles.	"The 52nd Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1994, were held on January 21, 1995 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California."	42	NEUTRAL
324	Smoking restrictions apply in restaurants.	"For example, one study listed on the website of the CDC (Center for Disease Control) states that New York's statewide law to eliminate smoking in enclosed workplaces and public places substantially reduced RSP (respirable suspended particles) levels in western New York hospitality venues."	42	NEUTRAL
325	Smoking restrictions apply in restaurants.	"In Queensland smoking is prohibited in all pubs, clubs, restaurants and workplaces, as well as in commercial outdoor eating and drinking areas and in outdoor public places (e.g., patrolled beaches, children's playground equipment, major sport stadiums, and within 4 meters of non-residential building entrances)."	42	NEUTRAL
326	Turkey negotiates to join the EU.	"European officials have commented on the slowdown in Turkish reforms which, combined with the Cyprus problem, has led the EU's enlargement commissioner to warn of an impeding ‘train crash' in negotiations with Turkey. Despite these setbacks, Turkey has closed its first chapter in negotiations in June 2006."	42	NEUTRAL
327	Turkey negotiates to join the EU.	"Turkey's current administration has identified EU membership as its top priority, and has taken many - and sometimes controversial - reform packages through the parliament aimed at gradually harmonizing Turkey with EU standards. Since October 2005, Turkey has formally started accession negotiations with the EU and these will be based on the acquis communautaire."	42	NEUTRAL
328	Gluten-free diets are for coeliacs.	The gluten-free diet must be strictly followed by sufferers of coeliac disease and dermatitis herpetiformis.	42	NEUTRAL
336	Free speech is limited to the Internet.	Freedom of speech is the concept of being able to speak freely without censorship. It is often regarded as an integral concept in modern liberal democracies.	42	CONTRADICTION
339	Olympic Games promote peace.	The participants underlined the need to call upon all sports leaders to promote the culture of peace and the observance of the Olympic Truce with conviction and determination and to highlight the importance of sport as a component of national unity and rapprochement of people.	42	NEUTRAL
340	Children's Rights is a historical movement.	"The children's rights movement is a historical and modern movement committed to the acknowledgement, expansion, and/or regression of the rights of children around the world."	42	NEUTRAL
342	There are still remains of some of the seven Wonders of Ancient World.	"The Pharos of Alexandria, one of the seven Wonders of Ancient World ceased operating and was largely destroyed as a result of an earthquake in 1375; some of its remains were found on the floor of Alexandria's Eastern Harbour by divers in 1994. More of the remains have subsequently been revealed by satellite imaging."	42	NEUTRAL
343	AI is against the Death Penalty.	"AI USA strongly opposes the use of the death penalty in the United States. Amnesty calls for its worldwide abolition, particularly in; the USA, China, Iran and Vietnam, four countries that make up the overwhelming majority of executions."	42	NEUTRAL
345	Damages in the ozone layer are under control.	"Since the ozone layer prevents most harmful UVB wavelengths (270–315 nm) of ultraviolet light from passing through the Earth's atmosphere, observed and projected decreases in ozone have generated worldwide concern leading to adoption of the Montreal Protocol banning the production of CFCs and halons as well as related ozone depleting chemicals such as carbon tetrachloride and trichloroethane (also known as methyl chloroform)."	42	CONTRADICTION
346	Oil accidents kill birds.	"Around 120 miles of Cornish coast and 80 kilometres of France was contaminated and around 15,000 sea birds killed along with huge numbers of marine organisms before the 270 square mile slick dispersed."	42	NEUTRAL
348	Fast food is popular in Japan.	"Traditional ramen and sushi restaurants still dominate fast food culture in Japan, although American outlets like Pizza Hut, McDonald's and Kentucky Fried Chicken are also popular, along with Western-style Japanese chains like Mos Burger."	42	NEUTRAL
354	A conference about women is held in Beijing.	Women's Net collaborated with FEMNET to create an online platform for joining regional processes in the lead-up to the Beijing conference dedicated to women.	42	NEUTRAL
355	Christo wraps German Reichstag.	"Before reconstruction began, the Reichstag was wrapped by the Bulgarian artist Christo and his wife Jeanne-Claude in 1995, attracting millions of visitors."	42	NEUTRAL
356	Christo wraps German Reichstag.	"Christo and Jeanne-Claude are an artistic couple practicing environmental, installation art. Their works include the wrapping of the Reichstag in Berlin, and the Pont Neuf bridge in Paris, the 24-mile-long Running Fence in Marin and Sonoma, counties in California, and The Gates, in New York City's Central Park."	42	NEUTRAL
357	A letter bomb was sent to Kiesbauer.	"On June 9, 1995 Arabella Cosima-Asereba Kiesbauer was the target of a letter bomb at the Pro7 studios and her assistant got injured."	42	NEUTRAL
358	A letter bomb was sent to Kiesbauer.	Kiesbauer was target of a letter bomb in June 1995. Her secretary got injured.	42	NEUTRAL
361	The EU lowers fishing quotas.	EU's fishing ministers have agreed drastic new cuts in fishing quotas after more than 26 hours of negotiation in Brussels.	42	NEUTRAL
362	The EU lowers fishing quotas.	The Scottish fishing industry is in turmoil after it emerged fishermen may not be able to catch as many haddock as they thought under new EU quotas.	42	NEUTRAL
366	International Beauty Contests go online.	"Lady of Universe is an annual online international beauty contest, and the title for the winner of the contest."	42	NEUTRAL
367	The Leaning Tower of Pisa survives.	"The construction of the Tower of Pisa was performed in three stages over a period of about 200 years. Construction of the first floor of the white marble campanile began on August 9, 1173, a period of military success and prosperity. This first floor is surrounded by pillars with classical capitals, leaning against blind arches. Today, it is still unscarred from centuries of weather and age."	42	NEUTRAL
368	Dodge products have been recalled.	"At the request of the Food and Drug Administration, Fort Dodge Animal Health voluntarily ceased production of ProHeart 6, and recalled all ProHeart 6 that had been distributed to veterinarians until the FDA's concerns about the drug's safety are resolved."	42	NEUTRAL
369	Dodge products have been recalled.	"Chrysler said it would recall 145,099 of its 2006 Dodge Ram 1500 pickup trucks to fix the passenger air bag and seat belt."	42	NEUTRAL
371	Smoking causes diseases.	Heart disease and stroke are cardiovascular (heart and blood vessel) diseases caused by smoking. Heart disease and stroke are also the first and third leading causes of death in the United States.	42	NEUTRAL
372	Smoking causes diseases.	"Smoking causes diseases in nearly every organ of the body, according to a comprehensive report on smoking and health from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)."	42	NEUTRAL
373	Smoking causes diseases.	Smokers have more upper and lower respiratory tract infections than nonsmokers. This happens because smoking damages your body's defenses against infections.	42	NEUTRAL
374	Smoking causes diseases.	"Later reports concluded that smoking causes cancers of the bladder, esophagus, mouth and throat; cardiovascular diseases and reproductive effects."	42	NEUTRAL
376	Frogs live in swamps.	"With so many species of toads and frogs, it is not surprising that they inhabit a wide variety of habitats. Some live in arid desert regions, some live in mountainous regions, and others live in swamps."	42	NEUTRAL
377	Black plague swept Europe.	The U.S. enjoyed miraculously long immunity from the dreaded plague that used to sweep Europe.	42	NEUTRAL
378	Black plague swept Europe.	"The black plague lasted four years and killed about one-third of the population of Europe, or approximately 20 million people."	42	NEUTRAL
382	Poetry and politics affect one the other.	Poetry and politics have been bedfellows since before The Iliad catered to the leading class of Greeks by identifying contemporary leaders with the heroes of the Trojan War.	42	NEUTRAL
390	NATO Secretary General Willy Claes resigned.	"The NATO Secretary General, Willy Claes, said today that he was considering resigning, after a Belgian parliamentary commission decided this morning to recommend that the country's highest court indict him in a widening arms corruption scandal."	42	CONTRADICTION
401	The President of Iran is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.	"It marked the first official visit of Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to Saudi Arabia as he spoke with its leader, King Abdullah. Both leaders have expressed concern over sectarian tensions in Iraq, fearing they could spread through the Middle East."	42	NEUTRAL
402	The President of Iran is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.	President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran met with King Abdullah here in the Saudi capital on Saturday to address the Middle East's growing sectarian and political crises.	42	NEUTRAL
406	The capital of Alberta is Edmonton.	"I believe what Prime Minister Harper is doing is opening up consultation in terms of how to bring about Senate reform and we're going to work with him, said Stelmach in Edmonton, the capital of Alberta."	42	NEUTRAL
407	Nancy Pelosi is the Speaker of the US House.	"Californian Democrat Nancy Pelosi, 66-years-old, has been named the 60th United States Speaker of the House with the votes 233-202. She is the first female House speaker in United States history."	42	NEUTRAL
408	Nancy Pelosi is the Speaker of the US House of Representatives.	"Nancy Pelosi was chosen by Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives to take the title and role of House Speaker on Thursday. Unanimously chosen, Pelosi will be the first woman Speaker in US history."	42	NEUTRAL
409	Nancy Pelosi is the Speaker of the US House of Representatives.	Waxman also stated his understanding that either the Speaker of the House or his staff called the White House to inform President Bush of the situation before signing the bill. Another letter was written March 22 by House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Congressman Waxman asking the White House to respond.	42	CONTRADICTION
411	Jamie Foxx was awarded the Best Actor prize at the 2005 BAFTA Awards.	"The big-budget Hollywood movie The Aviator and the low-budget Brit flick Vera Drake have scooped the main prizes at the 2005 Orange BAFTA Film Awards. Four gongs went to The Aviator with the top ones being Best Film and Cate Blanchett for Best Supporting Actress. Vera Drake got three gongs with Best Director, Best Actress and Costume Design. Jamie Foxx got Best Actor with Ray and Clive Owen got Best Supporting Actor with Closer."	42	NEUTRAL
412	The Cassini Spacecraft reached Titan.	"The Cassini Spacecraft has taken images from July 22, 2006 that show rivers and lakes present on Saturn's moon Titan."	42	NEUTRAL
414	The Cassini Spacecraft reached Titan.	"Images from the Huygens probe show that liquid methane flows through and into Titan's rivers, channels, lakes, springs, and other as-yet-undiscovered bodies of liquid. Titan is Saturn's largest moon, and the moon the Cassini-Huygens probe is inspecting."	42	NEUTRAL
415	NNSA is the National Nuclear Security Administration.	"Brooks issued a statement to President Bush, and NNSA (National Nuclear Security Administration) employees, saying that he would resign shortly."	42	NEUTRAL
417	Abdel Aziz Seif el-Nasr is the Deputy Foreign Minister for Legal Affairs of Egypt.	This statement was made by Egypt's Deputy Foreign Minister for Legal Affairs Abdel Aziz Seif el-Nasr.	42	NEUTRAL
419	The 2010 Winter Olympics will be held in Vancouver.	"Klassen will also be racing in the 2010 winter Olympic games in Vancouver, British Columbia and in nearby Whistler, British Columbia, a popular snow skiing destination."	42	NEUTRAL
421	Stephen Harper is the Prime Minister of Canada.	Canadian PM Stephen Harper will shuffle his cabinet today at 11:00 a.m. ET.	42	NEUTRAL
423	Stephen Harper is the Prime Minister of Canada.	"Prime Minister Stephen Harper reportedly failed to explain why this country is fighting in Afghanistan, while the Harper government won parliamentary approval for a two-year extension of Canada's mission."	42	NEUTRAL
424	YouTube is a video website.	"The largest telecom company in Brazil, Brasil Telecom, has blocked its users from accessing YouTube following a court order to shut down the popular video sharing website."	42	NEUTRAL
425	The Archbishop of Warsaw is Stanislaw Wielgus.	"Since the late 1960s, the former Archbishop spied on members of the Church for about 20 years. After the Gazeta Polska newspaper published allegations of his actions on December 20, Wielgus denied them."	42	CONTRADICTION
426	The Genie Awards are film honours.	"Nominations for the Genie Awards, Canada's leading motion picture honours, were announced on Tuesday by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television."	42	NEUTRAL
427	The Genie Awards are film honours.	The Rocket: The Maurice Richard Story was Canada's most-honoured film from 2006 at Tuesday's 27th Genie Awards in Toronto.	42	NEUTRAL
429	Ganga is a Hindu goddess.	"India's yearly pilgrimage to the Ganges river, worshiped by Hindus as the goddess Ganga, is the world's largest gathering of people, with around 70 million participants, dwarfing other religious pilgrimages."	42	NEUTRAL
430	The Lord of the Rings was directed by Peter Jackson.	"Movie studio company, New Line Cinema has announced that movie director Peter Jackson will never be allowed to work on another New Line film. This announcement will also mean that Mr Jackson will not be allowed to film the prequel titled The Hobbit to The Lord of the Rings films he directed."	42	NEUTRAL
432	A shipwreck took place in the North Sea.	Cypriot cargo ship Server went down in Norwegian territory of the North Sea near the Norwegian city Bergen around 6pm local time on January 12.	42	NEUTRAL
433	2channel is an Internet forum.	"2channel, the largest Internet forum in the world and an ISP in Japan, has been shuttered by a Japanese court ruling in a civil slander case."	42	NEUTRAL
436	Schwarzenegger is the Governor of California.	"California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has denied clemency for gang founder Stanley Tookie Williams, a death row inmate in California convicted of four murders in the 1979."	42	NEUTRAL
437	Schwarzenegger is the Governor of California.	"In denying clemency Californian Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said Without apology and atonement for these senseless and brutal killings, there can be no redemption."	42	NEUTRAL
438	Dan Halutz is the head of the Israel Defense Forces.	"The head of the Israel Defense Forces, Lt. Gen. Dan Halutz resigned on Tuesday January 16, 2007 after an internal review criticized his military's leadership during the war in Lebanon last summer."	42	NEUTRAL
439	Hillary Clinton is a NY Democratic Senator.	"Releasing a video on her website, Hillary Clinton announced today that she will be forming a presidential exploratory committee. I'm in. And I'm in to win, the Democrat Senator for New York announced on her website today, confirming the widely held assumption that she will seek the U.S. presidency in 2008."	42	NEUTRAL
442	David Cameron belongs to the U.K. Conservative Party.	"David Cameron, leader of the U.K. Conservative Party has outlined his vision for the future of a multicultural Britain in an article published in the Observer on January 28, 2007."	42	NEUTRAL
444	David Cameron belongs to the U.K. Conservative Party.	"David Cameron has been elected the new leader of the United Kingdom Conservative Party, beating off his rival David Davis by a factor of two to one in a postal ballot of the nationwide party membership."	42	NEUTRAL
445	YouTube is a video website.	"YouTube has announced it will share the revenue, yielded due to video clips placed at the site, with their copyright owners. At present day YouTube represents the most popular site sharing on-line video."	42	NEUTRAL
446	David Beckham plays for Real Madrid.	"The pictures were taken by America's foremost celebrity photographer Annie Leibovitz, in David Beckham's current home of Spain, where he plays for football club Real Madrid."	42	NEUTRAL
447	David Beckham plays for Real Madrid.	The Real Madrid midfielder and captain of the England national team David Beckham and his ex-Spice Girl wife Victoria have given birth to a baby son called Cruz Beckham.	42	NEUTRAL
449	Nikos Kourkoulos was a Greek actor.	"The famous Greek cinema and theatre actor, Nikos Kourkoulos died at the Ericos Dynan Hospital of Athens, after a long-standing fight with cancer."	42	NEUTRAL
452	Tata Steel bought Corus.	"India's steelmaker Tata Steel, of the Tata Group, buys Anglo-Dutch steel giant Corus Group for £6.7 billion ($12 billion), making it the world's fifth largest steel manufacturer."	42	NEUTRAL
453	Tata Steel bought Corus.	Indian firm Tata Steel has won the battle to take over Anglo-Dutch steelmaker Corus.	42	NEUTRAL
454	De Jong belongs to the Ontario Green Party.	"Frank de Jong, 51, leader of the Green Party of Ontario is running in the Ontario by-election for Burlington, Ontario."	42	NEUTRAL
456	Hubble is a Space telescope.	The Hubble is the only large visible light and ultra-violet space telescope we have in operation.	42	NEUTRAL
459	Boris Becker is a Wimbledon champion.	Boris Becker is the youngest person to have ever to won Wimbledon. He took the title back in 1985 when he was just seventeen years old.	42	NEUTRAL
460	Boris Becker is a Wimbledon champion.	Boris Becker is the youngest man ever to raise the Wimbledon trophy.	42	NEUTRAL
462	The movie Speed was directed by Jan De Bont.	Speed director Jan De Bont is back at the helm for part 2.	42	NEUTRAL
463	Felipe González is the President of Spain.	"The current president of Spain is Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero of the P.S.O.E. (Spanish Socialist Workers Party). He took over from José Maria Aznar of the Popular Party in the election of March 2004, just after the Madrid bombings."	42	CONTRADICTION
464	Felipe González is the President of Spain.	"Alvaro Uribe is the president of Spain, an interesting character, who, by the way, had his own father shot by rebel militia."	42	CONTRADICTION
466	Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.	"Neil Alden Armstrong is a former American astronaut, test pilot, and Naval Aviator who is widely known for being the first human ever to set foot on the Moon."	42	NEUTRAL
468	Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.	"On 20 July 1969, Neil Armstrong became the first human being to set foot on the moon. Armstrong was a veteran aviator: he had flown 78 combat missions over Korea as a Navy fighter pilot, then joined NASA as a civilian test pilot. He was accepted into the astronaut corps in 1962. Armstrong was the pilot of the Gemini 8 mission (launched 16 March 1966) and then was named commander for the Apollo 11 mission of 1969."	42	NEUTRAL
471	Qin Shi Huang was the first Emperor of China.	"The Qin Shi Huang Mausoleum is the tomb of Emperor Qin Shi Huang, the first emperor of the Qin Dynasty (221BC-207BC) and also of China."	42	NEUTRAL
472	Qin Shi Huang was the first Emperor of China.	"The unification of China 221 BC under the First Emperor (Qin Shi Huangdi) marked the beginning of imperial China, a period that lasted until the fall of the Qing Dynasty in 1912."	42	NEUTRAL
473	The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.	"An accord between Israel and Egypt in 1978 led to a negotiated peace between those two nations, signed in Washington DC on March 26, 1979, the first between Israel and any of its Arab neighbours."	42	NEUTRAL
474	The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.	"1979 : a glimmer of peace: Israel and Egypt signed a peace treaty , spawning hopes of a broader Mideast solution."	42	NEUTRAL
475	Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.	"Elizabeth II, eldest daughter of Albert, Duke of York ( later George VI ) and Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, was born in London on 21st April, 1926 at 17, Bruton Street, Mayfair, the London home of her maternal grandparents, Claud, Earl of Strathmore and Nina Cecilia Cavendish-Bentinck."	42	NEUTRAL
476	Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.	"Elizabeth II has been the United Kingdom's reigning monarch since 1952. She was proclaimed queen on 6 February 1952 following the death of her father, George VI; she was formally crowned the next year, on 2 June 1953."	42	NEUTRAL
478	The name of George H.W. Bush's wife is Barbara.	"First lady Laura Bush and Bush's parents, former President George H.W. Bush and his wife, Barbara, attended the ceremony on the front porch of the woodframe, three-bedroom home."	42	NEUTRAL
480	Gabriel Garcia Marquez won the Nobel for Literature.	Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a novelist and winner of the Nobel prize for literature.	42	NEUTRAL
481	Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a novelist.	"The famous Colombian novelist known world-wide for his masterfully weaving of the magic realism genre, was born in 1928 in the small town of Aracataca, Colombia. Garcia Marquez was raised by his grandparents, who would often tell him wonderous stories, fables and fairy tales."	42	NEUTRAL
483	Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.	"Alfred Nobel was a great inventor and had 355 patents overall. Others to mention, besides dynamite, include synthetic rubber and leather, and artificial silk."	42	NEUTRAL
485	Euro-Disney is an entertainment park.	"The second biggest pleasure park behind Euro Disney is a great adventure for young and old children. Many rides, shows and other attractions are waiting there for you."	42	NEUTRAL
486	Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.	"Charles de Gaulle, 1890–1970, French general and statesman, was the first president (1959–69) of the Fifth Republic."	42	NEUTRAL
488	Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.	"When Charles de Gaulle died in 1970, he requested that no one from the French government should attend his funeral."	42	NEUTRAL
489	The Gurkhas come from Nepal.	"The Gurkhas come from Nepal and their name comes from the city state of Goorka, which they were closely associated with at their inception."	42	NEUTRAL
491	The Gurkhas come from Nepal.	The world famous Gurkhas come from the high mountains of Nepal.	42	NEUTRAL
492	The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.	"The Normandy landings took place on 6th June 1944, but the Germans even then thought that the ‘real' Allied invasion of Europe would take place in the Pas de Calais or the Low Countries."	42	NEUTRAL
493	The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.	"D-Day - The Normandy Landings: airborne troops led the D-Day landings (June 6, 1944) in a combined parachute and glider assault, to throw a net of protection around the Normandy beaches, where a massive invasion force would sweep ashore and advance into Europe."	42	NEUTRAL
495	The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.	Former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl said Thursday he will not break pledges he made to campaign contributors by publicly disclosing their names even though his Christian Democrat party has directed him to reveal their identities.	42	NEUTRAL
496	The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.	"The architect of European Monetary Union, the former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, is appearing before the parliamentary committee of enquiry into the illicit funding of the Christian Democrat party he led for twenty years."	42	NEUTRAL
499	Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.	March 1995 - leading journalist Vladislav Listyev shot dead in Moscow.	42	NEUTRAL
501	Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.	Victor Emmanuel III (1869-1947) was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946. His cooperation with Mussolini helped bring an end to the Italian monarchy.	42	NEUTRAL
503	Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.	"The reigns of Victor Emmanuel II (1861–78) and Humbert I (1878–1900), and the first half of the reign of Victor Emmanuel III (1900–1946) were marked by moderate social and political reforms and by some industrial expansion in Northern Italy (mainly in the 20th cent.)."	42	NEUTRAL
505	The Persians were written by Aeschylus.	"Significant naval battle of the Persian Wars, the first ever recorded. Aeschylus served in the battle and wrote The Persians, which is the earliest of his works to survive."	42	NEUTRAL
506	The Persians were written by Aeschylus.	"Later, when John Cage returned to California, in the Pacific Palisades, he wrote songs with texts by Gertrude Stein and choruses from The Persians of Aeschylus."	42	NEUTRAL
509	Spirou was created by Rob-Vel.	"Created by Rob-Vel in 1938, Spirou was drawn by Franquin between 1946 1968."	42	NEUTRAL
514	Arabic is the language of the Quran.	"Among the conditions for knowing the Quran is knowing the language in which the Quran has been interpreted and understood. Our predecessors were intent on learning Arabic because of this, for as 'Amr Ibn Khattab said, I prefer to travel for forty nights to interpret an Ayat in the Book of Allah rather than spend this time at the Masjid of the Prophet (PBU) fasting during the day and praying during the night."	42	NEUTRAL
515	Arabic is the language of the Quran.	The revelations in the Holy Quran were brought to the Holy Prophet Muhammad by the angel Gabriel in the form of clear words of the Arabic language.	42	NEUTRAL
518	The French railway company is called SNCF.	The French railway company SNCF is cooperating in the project.	42	NEUTRAL
521	Chen Shui-bian is the President of Taiwan.	"Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators filled the streets of Taipei Saturday evening, as several political parties and the Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian voiced their opposition to the new anti-secession law passed by mainland China last week. Protestors chanted Oppose war, Love Taiwan in what has been termed a democratic carnival in downtown Taipei."	42	NEUTRAL
522	Chen Shui-bian is the President of Taiwan.	"Lien called on the Taiwanese (ROC) government, led the independence -leaning President Chen Shui-bian , to follow his meeting with more efforts at peacemaking and suppression of the independence movement. I believe the door has been opened, said Lien. "	42	NEUTRAL
526	Earthquakes have the potential to generate a tsunami.	"The most recent underwater volcano eruption was in 1986 and lasted three days. Japan's Meteorological Agency said there was no current danger of a tsunami, often caused by underwater seismic activity."	42	NEUTRAL
527	Earthquakes have the potential to generate a tsunami.	"Simeulue island is near the epicenter of the December 26 quake that caused a massive tsunami. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii said there was no threat of a tsunami to Pacific coastlines, but quakes of this size can sometimes generate local tsunamis along coasts near the epicenter."	42	NEUTRAL
528	Earthquakes have the potential to generate a tsunami.	"Quake measuring 6.9 off Japan's Honshu coast November 14, 2005 An earthquake measuring 6.9 on the Richter Scale has been reported off the coast of Japan's main island, Honshu . Whilst a major earthquake, the epicentre was well away from any population centres, and initial tsunami warnings predicting half-meter surges were later withdrawn."	42	NEUTRAL
530	Lula is the President of Brazil.	In the interview he said that he knew the Brazilian president Luiz Inácio Lula for the first time in San Salvador during the Foro de São Paulo.	42	NEUTRAL
531	Lula is the President of Brazil.	"In 2004, a group of journalist sent a proposal to the Brazilian president Lula asking for the creation of an inspector organism to control the conduct of the Brazilian press."	42	NEUTRAL
533	"More than 200,000 people have been killed in the air attack in the Darfur region."	"In the last two years in the Darfur region more than 70,000 people have been killed, and over 2 million displaced."	42	CONTRADICTION
535	Condoleezza Rice is the U.S. Secretary of State.	The report made its way to U.S. Congress via Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .	42	NEUTRAL
536	Condoleezza Rice is the U.S. Secretary of State.	"United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice expressed similar sentiments, accusing Syria of contributing to instability in Lebanon."	42	NEUTRAL
538	O.J. Simpson was accused of murder.	"After a series of testy exchanges between a prosecutor and a prospective juror in the O.J. Simpson murder trial Thursday, Simpson 's attorneys accused government lawyers of treating black jury candidates differently than others."	42	NEUTRAL
539	Satyarthi is chairman of South Asia Coalition on Child Servitude.	In India several million children between ages 5 and 14 are in chronic bondage in agriculture a million in construction brick making and quarry work and several hundred thousand in carpet and jewelry industries according to Kailash Satyarthi chairman of South Asia Coalition on Child Servitude.	42	NEUTRAL
540	World War II was the war that took place from 1939 to 1945.	"During the German occupation of Poland in World War II, from 1939 to 1945, all musical life was forbidden, he told The Times in 1985."	42	NEUTRAL
542	India and Pakistan have fought three wars for the possession of Kashmir.	"Pakistan, which fought two of its three wars with India over Kashmir , denies Indian charges that it is arming separatists in the valley."	42	CONTRADICTION
543	The name of George W. Bush's wife is Laura.	"Gov. George W. Bush's wife, Laura, and his 24-year-old nephew, George P. Bush, will have featured roles at next week's Republican National Convention in Philadelphia."	42	NEUTRAL
544	The name of George W. Bush's wife is Laura.	"On the Republican side, Texas Governor George W. Bush and his wife, Laura, made a tape recording urging people to vote; the automated calls were left on voters' answering machines."	42	NEUTRAL
547	The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.	"In Hungary, Zoltan Illes, chairman of Parliament's Environment Committee said the spill represents Europe's biggest environmental catastrophe since the 1986 nuclear reactor catastrophe at Chernobyl."	42	NEUTRAL
548	The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.	"Energy Secretary Bill Richardson made clear he was worried about the performance of reactors in former Soviet states, especially those in Ukraine, the site of the Chernobyl catastrophe in 1986."	42	NEUTRAL
549	The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.	The explosion of the No. 4 reactor at Ukraine's Chernobyl power plant in April 1986 was the worst civilian nuclear catastrophe to date.	42	NEUTRAL
550	The Titanic sank in 1912.	Cartoon News reprints a bunch of political cartoons published after the Titanic sank in 1912.	42	NEUTRAL
551	The Titanic sank in 1912.	"However, there are some who believe that the real disaster in the North Atlantic on that cold April 1998 morning was not that the Titanic sank with the loss of 1,500 lives."	42	CONTRADICTION
552	The Titanic sank in 1912.	"The Titanic's sinking after hitting an iceberg on April 14, 1912, may have taken the greatest toll on the third-class passengers, but the tragedy did not spare those in the first and second classes."	42	NEUTRAL
553	The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.	"When the first space boot touched onto the bald surface of the Moon, on July 20, 1969, Neil Armstrong said famously, That's one small step for man, one giant step for mankind."	42	NEUTRAL
556	Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.	"In his first year, he supported the gun lobby's most prized goal of the decade: a sweeping repeal of federal gun laws that had been enacted after the murders of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy and the Rev. Martin Luther King in 1968."	42	NEUTRAL
557	Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.	"Two documents that a former FBI agent said he took from James Earl Ray's car in 1968 after the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. have passed one scientific test designed to detect whether they are bogus, a federal official says."	42	NEUTRAL
559	Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.	"On Tuesday, Israel's chief Ashkenazi rabbi, Meir Israel Lau, met in his office with a group of Catholic priests from Rome -members of the peace group St. Egidio- and handed them a letter for Pope John Paul II, who was born in Poland."	42	NEUTRAL
560	Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.	Pope John Paul II began his longest pilgrimage to his native Poland today at the site of one of his papacy's greatest triumphs: the Baltic coast city where the Solidarity movement that toppled communism was born.	42	NEUTRAL
561	Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.	"Pope John Paul II arrived Saturday in the birthplace of the Solidarity movement that he sparked with his first papal visit 20 years ago, offering Poles the greeting of a fellow Pole who comes among you to fulfill the needs of his own heart."	42	NEUTRAL
566	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was born in Germany.	"Weimar in Germany is the 1999 European City of Culture, an honor that coincides with the 250th anniversary of the birth of one of its most famous sons, the poet and intellect Johann Wolfgang von Goethe."	42	NEUTRAL
569	Amnesty International takes care of human rights.	"The British medical journal The Lancet reported in March that he had been hospitalized for months in Ethiopia, had spent nine days in the intensive care unit at Black Lion Hospital in Addis Ababa after suffering cardiac failure and had been the subject of appeals by Amnesty International and other human rights organizations."	42	NEUTRAL
574	Germany has 16 federal states.	"Changing the citizenship law requires approval of parliament's upper chamber, the Bundesrat, which represents the 16 federal states of Germany."	42	NEUTRAL
575	Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.	"The 8,568-meter Mt. Kanchenjunga, the third highest in the world, is located in the border area of Nepal, India and China."	42	CONTRADICTION
576	Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.	"Two members of the 2000 Kanchenjunga Expedition of South Korea successfully scaled the 8,586m high Mt. Kanchenjunga via the south west face Friday, according to the Nepali Tourism Ministry."	42	NEUTRAL
582	Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a nobel prize winner.	On Thursday night they dined with Colombian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez.	42	NEUTRAL
583	Stephen Hawking is a physicist.	"Assisting Gore are physicist Stephen Hawking, Star Trek actress Nichelle Nichols and Gary Gygax, creator of Dungeons and Dragons."	42	NEUTRAL
587	The Top Quark is the last quark predicted by the Standard Model theory.	"Among the major achievements in physics I was privileged to report were the discovery of the top quark at Fermilab -the last of six quarks predicted by The Standard Model theory- and the discovery in Japan that the elusive neutrino particle probably has some mass, a finding with profound implications for the fate of the universe."	42	NEUTRAL
588	The Top Quark is the last quark predicted by the Standard Model theory.	"The most conspicuous achievement of the Tevatron in its 14 years of operation was the discovery in 1995 of the top quark, which filled in the last blank space for six quarks allotted by a table of fundamental particles known as the Standard Model."	42	NEUTRAL
591	"The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain."	"Bahrain and Kuwait are members of the Gulf Cooperation Council, GCC, a regional political, economic and military organization which also groups Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Oman."	42	NEUTRAL
594	Everglades National Park is located in Florida.	"EVERGLADES NATIONAL PARK, Fla. - On a clear, warm day recently, Dr. Thomas Armentano picked his way through a stand of red mangroves near the southern edge of the Florida peninsula and stepped into a bone dry stretch of marl prairie littered with scores of uprooted, sun-bleached buttonwood trees."	42	NEUTRAL
595	Everglades National Park is located in Florida.	"South Florida, which had only a half million people when Everglades National Park was created in 1947, now has 6 million people and is expected to have 12 million or more by 2050."	42	NEUTRAL
596	Everglades National Park is located in Florida.	"The board of the South Florida Water Management District may have to decide as early as next month whether to proceed with buying the community known as the 8 1/2-Square-Mile Area, just east of Everglades National Park."	42	NEUTRAL
598	The NATO has 16 members.	The 16 NATO members and the 14 countries which used to form the rival Warsaw Pact agreed that there would be significantly less equipment permitted in the area of application in Europe than there was under the original treaty.	42	NEUTRAL
599	The NATO has 16 members.	"Alluding to Greece's proposal, and other differences within the alliance, Albright said there are a variety of ideas among the diverse 19 NATO member nations."	42	CONTRADICTION
600	Christie's is one of the world's largest auction houses.	"Coming at a time when the world's two leading auction houses, Sotheby's and Christie's, are embroiled in an embarrassing price-fixing scandal, Phillips, which is based in London, is causing a considerable stir with its conspicuous and costly effort to reinvent itself as an important player in New York."	42	NEUTRAL
603	SMS developed a new steel casting process.	"The most common technology in mini-mills, thin steel slab casting was developed by SMS and put into use by NUCOR."	42	NEUTRAL
604	NUCOR giant mini-mill may cut costs by 10%.	NUCOR giant mini-mill process is estimated to cut production costs by 10%.	42	NEUTRAL
605	Scrap metal is liquefied in electric furnaces.	Electric arc furnaces burn scrap metal into molten steel which is formed into slabs just two inches thick which are immediately compressed into even thinner finished steel.	42	NEUTRAL
606	Finished steel is produced by compression.	Electric arc furnaces burn scrap metal into molten steel which is formed into slabs just two inches thick which are immediately compressed into even thinner finished steel.	42	NEUTRAL
607	Single-run production cuts time costs.	The single-run production process is much quicker.	42	NEUTRAL
608	The new steel making technology is less capital intensive.	The process is much quicker and less capital intensive than traditional steel-making but depends on an inexpensive supply of scrap metal and electricity.	42	NEUTRAL
609	The mini-mill production requires high cost of energy and scrap metal.	The mini-mill production is much quicker and less capital intensive than traditional steel-making but depends on an inexpensive supply of scrap metal and electricity.	42	CONTRADICTION
612	Iran has set up a government program for population control.	Iran's family planning programme has been 'an achievement' because of the strength of the government's commitment.	42	NEUTRAL
614	Ivory trade was banned during a convention in 1989.	"In 1989, CITES, the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, banned the trade in ivory."	42	NEUTRAL
615	The world population will probably reach over 10 billion in 2050.	The world 's population is set to reach a staggering 10bn by the middle of 21st century up from 5.7bn now.	42	NEUTRAL
616	The current world population is 5.7 billion.	The world 's population is set to reach a staggering 10bn by the middle of the next century up from 5.7bn now.	42	NEUTRAL
617	Japan is headed toward zero population growth.	"Fourteen European countries with about 5 % of the world 's population have reached zero population growth and Japan, France and Finland are, among others, headed in that direction."	42	NEUTRAL
618	A new plan has been developed to rein in the chaotic development in the Amazon forest.	The chaotic development gobbling up the Amazon rain forest could finally be reined in with a new plan developed by officials of Amazon countries and leading scientists from around the world.	42	NEUTRAL
620	Nucor's process has cost advantages.	Nucor reckons that the SMS process gives it a Dollars 50 to Dollars 70 a ton production cost advantage over Big Steel.	42	NEUTRAL
622	Strip casting is expected to produce a superior quality of steel.	"US Steel could even have a technical advantage over Nucor since one new method of steel-making it is considering, thin strip casting, may produce higher quality steel than Nucor's thin-slab technique."	42	NEUTRAL
623	Dogs are used to sniff out narcotics.	Frog would become legendary as one of the nation's first and most effective narcotics-sniffing dogs.	42	NEUTRAL
624	Dogs are used in law enforcement.	"In the last decade, employment of the dogs has escalated from a novelty to a necessity for most law enforcement agencies."	42	NEUTRAL
625	Use of dogs in sniffing out narcotics became common around 1980.	"Although dogs have been used in police work for years, primarily for patrol duty, their use as narco-noses gained widespread acceptance around 1980."	42	NEUTRAL
626	Dogs are used to sniff out narcotics.	"Although dogs have been used in police work for years, primarily for patrol duty, their use as narco-noses didn't gain widespread acceptance until about 10 years ago."	42	NEUTRAL
627	Police departments use dogs.	"Although dogs have been used in police work for years, primarily for patrol duty, their use as narco-noses didn't gain widespread acceptance until about 10 years ago."	42	NEUTRAL
629	The UK Ministry of Defence has turned down a request for supplies from Argentina.	"It emerged yesterday that the Ministry of Defence has turned down a request from Argentina to allow a limited supply of UK-manufactured spare parts to the Argentine navy, begun during the Gulf war."	42	NEUTRAL
630	Full diplomatic relations between Argentina and Britain were re-established after 74 days.	Argentina and Britain announced an agreement Thursday to restore full diplomatic ties nearly eight years after they fought a 74 day war over the Falkland Islands a sparsely populated archipelago off Argentina coast in the South Atlantic Ocean.	42	CONTRADICTION
631	The Duke of York became the first official royal visitor to Argentina since 1982.	"Today Argentina gets out the red carpet for the UK Duke of York, the first official royal visitor since the end of the Anglo-Argentine Falklands war in 1982."	42	NEUTRAL
632	Argentine officers may be trained in UK military academies.	"However, talks are planned later this year to resume training courses for Argentine officers at British military academies."	42	NEUTRAL
633	Slovakia has recently attracted large foreign investments.	Slovakia has attracted a mere 4% of the estimated Dollars 800m of foreign investment which has flowed into Czechoslovakia in the past two years.	42	CONTRADICTION
635	Regional parliaments of Czech and Slovak will decide how to divide Czechoslovakia into two states.	Czech and Slovak leaders said the regional parliaments would decide on how best to divide Czechoslovakia into two states.	42	NEUTRAL
637	"100,000 Slovaks have applied to change citizenship."	"An estimated 100,000 ethnic Slovaks, most of them living in the Czech Republic, have applied to relinquish their citizenship since Czechoslovakia broke into separate states."	42	NEUTRAL
638	"On January 1, 1993, Czechoslovakia became an independent republic."	"On New Year's day, 1993, Slovaks sloughed off a thousand year subservience to Hungary and seven decades as the junior partner in Czechoslovakia and celebrated the birth of a sovereign, independent, internationally recognised republic."	42	CONTRADICTION
639	The government intends to reorganize Welsh local government.	The government's plans for reorganising local government in Wales and Scotland should be withdrawn.	42	NEUTRAL
640	The Salvation Army is working to make contact with homeless people.	"Self-containing flats will be provided to enable hostel residents to move into long-term accommodation, while Salvation Army social workers and volunteers have been trained in outreach work to make contact with homeless people on the streets."	42	NEUTRAL
642	Proceeds from thrift stores fund drug and alcohol rehabilitation services.	Revenue from the thrift store funded the Salvation Army's drug- and alcohol-rehabilitation service.	42	NEUTRAL
643	Plaid Cymru is the Welsh nationalist party.	"The Tory dream of challenging Labour superiority in its south Wales heartland lay in tatters yesterday - while Plaid Cymru, the Welsh nationalist party, was celebrating the fact that it now has more MPs than the higher-profile Scottish National party."	42	NEUTRAL
646	Indonesia is one of the world's largest tin producers.	"Indonesia is the world's third largest tin producer after Brazil and Malaysia and had an export quota at the end of last year of 28,376 tonnes a year."	42	NEUTRAL
648	Drugs must go through the licensing processes.	Drugs must go through expensive licensing procedures in individual countries at the same time.	42	NEUTRAL
649	White-collar criminals are treated the same as others.	The other is a growing sentiment among judges that white-collar criminals should be treated the same as others.	42	CONTRADICTION
650	Molecular design methods are used for drug development.	These new molecular design methods will become increasingly significant for the industry and in 10 to 30 years will account for many of the new drugs on the market.	42	NEUTRAL
651	Milken was given a 10-year sentence.	A federal judge sentenced an apparently stunned Michael Milken to 10 years in prison Wednesday after ruling that the crimes he pleaded guilty to were neither minor nor isolated.	42	NEUTRAL
652	Milken was sentenced to prison for minor crimes.	A federal judge sentenced an apparently stunned Michael Milken to 10 years in prison Wednesday after ruling that the crimes he pleaded guilty to were neither minor nor isolated.	42	CONTRADICTION
654	Argentina lifts arms embargo.	Argentina is tying any long-term agreement to British concessions to share oil development and lift the arms embargo.	42	CONTRADICTION
657	Philip Morris gains on the international market.	"In terms of operating profits, the sharpest advance was seen in Philip Morris' international tobacco division."	42	NEUTRAL
658	Ranchers clear-cut vast tracts of the Amazon forest to graze cattle.	"He was a particular nuisance to Amazon cattle ranchers, who clear-cut vast tracts of trees to graze cattle for beef to be exported, mostly to developed countries."	42	NEUTRAL
659	Controls on poaching include pressuring governments who allow imports of banned products.	The next useful step against poaching would be to increase pressure on those governments which have so far taken a relaxed attitude towards import of banned products.	42	NEUTRAL
660	A variety of mercy killing is when a patient is removed from a life support system with legal approval.	"A common variety of mercy killing is when a permanently incapacitated or terminally ill patient is removed from a life support system upon his/her request or the request of a spouse, close relative or guardian or simply by medical authorities with legal approval."	42	NEUTRAL
661	Kenya's wildlife is managed in a profitable manner.	"Leakey believed Kenya's wildlife, which underpins a tourist industry worth Dollars 450m a year, could be managed in a profitable and sustainable manner."	42	CONTRADICTION
662	The African elephant population was decimated by poachers.	"Hunted down and stripped of tusks and hide by poachers, the number of African elephants slumped from 1.2m to 600,000 in a decade until Cites banned the trade in ivory."	42	NEUTRAL
663	Young women at co-ed colleges tend to defer to men.	They cite scholarly research showing that young women at co-ed schools tend to defer to men in intellectual debate.	42	NEUTRAL
667	A German nurse was convicted of manslaughter and mercy killing.	"A German nurse, Michaela Roeder, 31, was found guilty of six counts of manslaughter and mercy killing."	42	NEUTRAL
668	The public supports the right to die.	A new survey shows that all segments of the public support right-to-die policies.	42	NEUTRAL
671	Three tobacco majors have entered the former Soviet Union market.	"BAT would not confirm the story, but did confirm that the three tobacco majors - BAT, RJ Reynolds and Philip Morris - are 'head to head in investment terms' in the former Soviet Union."	42	NEUTRAL
674	The World court condemned the US embargo against Nicaragua.	"The World Court can condemn this action and then the Soviets can defy that body, just as the United States defied the court's condemnation of its embargo of Nicaragua."	42	NEUTRAL
675	Gadaffi has accused the USA and Britain of breaking international law.	Col. Gadaffi has separately opened an action against the US and Britain at the World Court accusing them of breaking international law.	42	NEUTRAL
676	The US has raided Libya.	"Libya had been the target of US air raids in 1986, when the US had linked Libya to the bombing of a Berlin disco frequented by US servicemen."	42	NEUTRAL
677	Libya requested an injunction against Britain and the U.S.	The World Court yesterday rejected Libya's plea that it should bar the US and Britain from taking punitive measures to oblige Tripoli to hand over two men suspected of the 1988 bombing of a Pan Am airliner over Lockerbie in Scotland.	42	NEUTRAL
679	The border dispute between Chad and Libya was ruled in Chad's favour.	The International Court of Justice ruled in Chad's favour in a 20-year border dispute with Libya which has caused two wars.	42	NEUTRAL
681	The court heard US appeals for the release of hostages held by Iran.	They refused to appear in the World Court 10 years ago when Washington sought the release of American hostages in Tehran.	42	NEUTRAL
682	There may be up to 15 judges in the ICJ.	"The World Court, or International Court of Justice (ICJ), located in The Hague, is made up of fifteen permanent judges plus two judges nominated by the parties involved in the dispute under consideration."	42	CONTRADICTION
683	Two judges of the ICJ are nominated by the parties involved.	"The World Court, or International Court of Justice (ICJ), located in The Hague, is made up of fifteen permanent judges plus two judges nominated by the parties involved in the dispute under consideration."	42	NEUTRAL
684	The decisions of the World Court carry diplomatic weight.	The World Court has no power to enforce its orders but its decisions have traditionally carried some diplomatic weight.	42	NEUTRAL
686	In 1948 the ICJ ruled in favour of Albania.	"The ICJ ruled in 1948 that Albania should pay Britain 843,947 pounds."	42	CONTRADICTION
687	Honduras and El Salvador were in dispute over their borders.	A dispute between Honduras and El Salvador over their borders was settled by a compromise devised by the ICJ in 1992.	42	NEUTRAL
688	Only 5% to 10% of stolen art ever gets returned to the owners.	Experts estimate that only 5% to 10% of stolen artworks ever finds its way back to the owners.	42	NEUTRAL
689	Masterpieces seized by Nazis were found in Berlin.	"Twenty-eight French masterpieces seized by the Nazis during World War II, including paintings by Monet, Renoir and Gauguin, have been found in a cupboard at a Berlin museum, a news magazine reported today."	42	NEUTRAL
690	"Sotheby's, Christie's and Phillips founded the ALR."	"The ALR was founded by a consortium of leading auction houses (Sotheby's, Christie's, Phillips)."	42	NEUTRAL
691	"The City Council paid $7,300 to train a dog."	"The City Council recently budgeted $7,300 to pay for training Officer Ron Inman and his dog Waldo."	42	CONTRADICTION
693	Robots help scientists clone cells.	The three partners have developed a robotic system to help scientists produce cloned cells required for genetics research.	42	NEUTRAL
694	The ICRF system picks cells for further growth and analysis.	The ICRF system then 'picks' healthy-looking colonies with a block of 96 spring-loaded pins and moves the cells to dishes for further growth and analysis.	42	NEUTRAL
695	Automation technology is used in making laptop computers.	"The biggest user of automation technology is the electronics industry, especially for making factory laptop computers."	42	NEUTRAL
697	Robots are used in assembly work.	Robots are being used in automobile final assembly work and paint spraying and suppliers hope to be able to develop these markets now that the technology has been proven.	42	NEUTRAL
698	Thamesport's system cannot control remote peripherals.	One of the most innovative features of the Thamesport's system is the control of remote peripherals.	42	CONTRADICTION
699	Robots are used at sea terminals to move containers from ships.	"The system supervises the movement of all machinery within the port, including the five monster ship-to-shore 'robot' cranes and the 14 gantry cranes, which unload the containers from the ships."	42	NEUTRAL
702	Shadow elections will be held next year.	The government is pressing ahead with plans to reform the structure of local government in Wales by holding shadow elections to new unitary authorities as early as next year.	42	NEUTRAL
705	The Salvation Army collaborates with the county.	The Salvation Army operates the shelter under a contract with the county.	42	NEUTRAL
706	Homeless men may sleep in the Salvation Army's rehabilitation centers in the Valley.	"Every night of the year a minimum of 140 men who would otherwise be homeless, and who are homeless when they come to us are sleeping in clean beds in the Salvation Army's two Adult Rehabilitation Centers here in the Valley."	42	NEUTRAL
708	Thrift stores fund rehabilitation services.	Revenue from the thrift store funded the Salvation Army's drug- and alcohol-rehabilitation service.	42	NEUTRAL
712	The Salvation Army provides aid to victims of hurricanes.	"At times of hurricanes in Florida the Salvation Army raises and forwards funds to other relief agencies as well as providing clothing, blankets and food to the afflicted on its own."	42	NEUTRAL
713	A series of negotiations between Czech and Slovak were unsuccessful.	A second round of talks between the newly elected Czech and Slovak leaders on the future of the Czechoslovak federation ended in deadlock last night.	42	NEUTRAL
714	Vaclav Klaus and Vladimir Meciar reached an agreement.	"After nine hours of talks, Mr. Vaclav Klaus admitted no agreement had been reached with Mr. Vladimir Meciar."	42	CONTRADICTION
716	The Czech and Slovak republics do not agree to coexist in one country.	The Czech and Slovak republics have been unable to agree a political basis for their future coexistence in one country.	42	NEUTRAL
717	Interim federal government will be equally made up by Czechs and Slovaks.	"A new interim federal government, to be made up of Czechs and Slovaks in equal measure will oversee the separation of the state."	42	NEUTRAL
718	The Czech and Slovak republics agreed to form an interim federal government.	The newly-elected leaders of the Czech and Slovak republics have agreed to try to form quickly an interim federal government despite deep differences over the future federal state revealed at their first meeting.	42	NEUTRAL
719	Vladimir Meciar must choose between Prokes and the Democratic Left Party.	"In Slovakia, Mr. Vladimir Meciar whose nationalist Movement for a Democratic Slovakia (HZDS) just failed to win an overall majority in the Slovak National Council, has to choose between Mr. Jozef Prokes or the Democratic Left Party."	42	NEUTRAL
720	Slovak nationalism was fueled by economic difficulties.	Slovakia's economic difficulties during the reforms fueled an emerging nationalism.	42	NEUTRAL
721	The law for the division of Czechoslovakia was discussed in 1992.	In the fall of 1992 the leaders worked on the law for dividing Czechoslovakia.	42	NEUTRAL
722	Czech and Slovak parliaments agreed to become independent republics in January 1993.	"In November, the Czech and Slovak parliaments voted to split into two independent republics in January 1993."	42	NEUTRAL
723	The Czech Republic pursues a free market economy.	The split left the Czech Republic free to pursue its drive towards a free-market economy.	42	NEUTRAL
724	Slovakia's heavy industries were geared to the Soviet market.	Slovakia was saddled with a high concentration of heavy industry geared to the Soviet market.	42	NEUTRAL
725	The Ecuadorian government collaborated with indigenous groups.	"After years of battling between oil companies, the Ecuadorian government decided to collaborate with indigenous groups."	42	NEUTRAL
726	The Amazon basin is as large as California.	"In Brazil, the Amazon basin covers 2 million square miles, a region 12 times as large as California."	42	CONTRADICTION
728	Agroforestry represents a productive use of cleared Amazon land.	Agroforestry has proved to be one of the most productive uses of cleared Amazon land.	42	NEUTRAL
729	Incursions in the Amazon have an economic function.	By giving this land an economic function we are preventing further incursion into the Amazon.	42	CONTRADICTION
730	Millions of acres within the Amazon are destroyed each year.	Brazil's annual losses are between 10 and 20 million acres within the Amazon and 2.5 million acres outside the Amazon.	42	NEUTRAL
731	Trees in the rain forest are cut without being replaced.	Loggers clear cut large tracts of rain forest to sell wood without replacing trees.	42	NEUTRAL
732	Fast growing eucalyptus trees were planted to supply wood pulp.	Experiments with establishing fast growing eucalyptus tree farms to supply wood pulp were developed.	42	NEUTRAL
733	"A former executive of Digital Equipment Corp. siphoned nearly $300,000 from the company."	"A former executive of Digital Equipment Corp. and two others pleaded guilty Tuesday to siphoning nearly $300,000 from the computer company."	42	NEUTRAL
734	Leona Helmsley was given a four year sentence.	"Leona Helmsley, the self-proclaimed queen of a luxury hotel chain, was sentenced Tuesday to four years in federal prison."	42	NEUTRAL
735	Leona Helmsley is the owner of a luxury hotel chain.	"Leona Helmsley, the self-proclaimed queen of a luxury hotel chain, was sentenced Tuesday to four years in federal prison."	42	NEUTRAL
736	Milken was imprisoned for security fraud.	"In a security fraud case, Michael Milken was sentenced to 10 years in prison."	42	NEUTRAL
739	Prison term for Michael Milken was intended to make him an example.	The judge in the Milken case said that the 10-year sentence she imposed on Milken was intended to make an example of him.	42	NEUTRAL
744	One judge said that the nearly half million dollar fine he levied on a specialist firm on the New York Stock Exchange was done as a deterrent.	"A specialist firm on the New York stock Exchange was fined $480,350 for securities fraud by a judge who said he imposed the sentence as a deterrent."	42	NEUTRAL
745	A Los Angeles federal judge imposed a 15-year prison sentence on David A. Feldman.	A Los Angeles federal court judge Monday imposed a 15-year prison sentence on David A. Feldman of Palos Verdes.	42	NEUTRAL
748	Argentina demanded an investigation of alleged war crimes during the Falklands War.	Argentine President Carlos Menem has ordered an 'immediate' investigation into war crimes allegedly committed by British troops during the 1982 Falklands War.	42	NEUTRAL
750	The British government is ready to allow Argentine companies to participate in the development of oilfields.	The British government has indicated its readiness to allow Argentine companies to take part in the development of oilfields in the Falkland islands' territorial waters.	42	NEUTRAL
751	Both Bush and Clinton helped raise funds for the recovery from Hurricane Katrina.	"Bush and Clinton, who ran against each other in 1992, have worked together since leaving office. They helped raise funds for recovery from 2004's Asian tsunami and 2005's Hurricane Katrina."	42	NEUTRAL
753	The new Microsoft operating system is called Windows Vista.	Here's what the new Microsoft operating system has and why you may want to wait Flip screens: among the additions to Windows Vista are new ways to look at what windows are open.	42	NEUTRAL
754	Vista is provided with photo management software.	"Vista comes not only with improved security, but also with easier ways for parents to decide how they want their children to use the computer. With more people using digital cameras than ever, Microsoft has built photo management software into Vista, making it easier to share and fix photos, burn them to CDs, and give them tags or labels that make them easier to find later on."	42	NEUTRAL
756	"The Defense Secretary suggested that the Army's troop should be increased to 547,000 soldiers."	"Defense Secretary Robert Gates earlier this month recommended that the Army's troop strength be increased by 65,000 soldiers, to a total of 547,000 worldwide and the Marines be increased by 27,000 to 202,000."	42	NEUTRAL
757	The Army increase will be achieved within 5 years.	Almost half of the Army increase already has been achieved under a temporary program that Gates said would be made permanent; the full increase is to be achieved within five years.	42	NEUTRAL
758	The Army's increase will probably cost 70 billion.	The Army's preliminary estimate is that it would cost 70 billion to increase its size and the funds would be spread over budget years 2009 through 2013.	42	NEUTRAL
761	Mr Fradkov and Sergei Sidorsky found an agreement after 10 hours of negotiations.	"The agreement came after about 10 hours of negotiations between Mr Fradkov and his Belarussian counterpart, Sergei Sidorsky."	42	NEUTRAL
763	Transit tax for oil was increased by Minsk.	Supplies sent through the Druzhba pipeline were halted for three days after Minsk increased the transit tax for oil which passed through the country.	42	NEUTRAL
764	Moscow increased the cost of gas supplies to Belarus.	The dispute between the two former Soviet countries came after Moscow forced Belarus to accept a major increase in the cost of gas supplies to the country in late December.	42	NEUTRAL
765	Russia decreased the cost of oil exports to Belarus.	"Russia later imposed a hefty duty on oil exports to Belarus, claiming its neighbour was costing it up to 4bn in lost revenues each year."	42	CONTRADICTION
766	Tense government talks occurred between Belarus and Russia.	"In retaliation, Belarus slapped a 45-per-tonne transit tax on oil shipments from Russia, but withdrew it earlier on Wednesday after tense top-level government talks between both sides."	42	NEUTRAL
768	"According to Mr Putin, Russia is one of the most powerful economies in the world."	"In a wide-ranging, marathon news conference, Mr Putin said Russia was now one of the world's most powerful economies, with a rapid growth rate - about 6.9 in 2006 - and declining inflation."	42	NEUTRAL
769	Putin will win the 2008 elections.	"Under the constitution Mr Putin has to stand down in 2008, after serving two terms. But he has now become so powerful and popular that it is widely assumed whoever he names as the preferred candidate will win the election, the 's Richard Galpin reports from Moscow."	42	CONTRADICTION
770	"More than 1,000 members from Russia registered for the news conference."	"More than 1,000 members of the Russian and foreign media registered for the news conference, which has become an annual event."	42	CONTRADICTION
771	Wal-Mart is largest retailer of the world.	"Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, has reversed its opposition to the morning-after pill and agreed to sell it in 3,700 pharmacies. The decision follows a successful campaign against the retailer in Illinois and Massachusetts, which enacted laws requiring pharmacists to fill prescriptions for the emergency contraceptive."	42	NEUTRAL
773	The morning-after pill can be obtained by prescription only.	"The morning-after pill, which must be taken within 72 hours of having sex, is still not available without a prescription in America despite recommendations from the scientific advisory panel of the Food and Drug Administration, because of opposition from anti-abortion activists."	42	NEUTRAL
774	Wal-Mart has violated state regulations.	"In Massachusets, three Boston women successfully sued Wal-Mart last month for violating state regulations that require pharmacies to stock all commonly prescribed medications."	42	NEUTRAL
777	Greenville is located about 75 miles east of Raleigh.	"There were no immediate reports of injuries, and authorities said they found no signs of fires at any other church in Greenville, which is about 75 miles east of Raleigh."	42	NEUTRAL
778	A fire were signaled at The Memorial Baptist Church.	Firefighters were called to The Memorial Baptist Church shortly after 11 p.m. and found smoke billowing from its educational wing.	42	NEUTRAL
779	A fire were signaled at Unity Free Will Baptist Church.	"Dispatchers received a report of a fire at Unity Free Will Baptist Church, about a half-mile away from The Memorial, shortly before 11:30 p.m."	42	NEUTRAL
780	Kip Gaskins wanted to break in at Oakmont Baptist Church.	"Police were also investigating a break-in at Oakmont Baptist Church, located less than a quarter-mile from The Memorial, said police Cpl. Kip Gaskins."	42	CONTRADICTION
782	United States wants to enlarge their missile defense system.	"The United States told Polish leaders it wants to open formal negotiations on the possibility of locating ground-based interceptor missiles in their country as part of a larger missile defense system, a U.S. Embassy spokesman in Warsaw said Monday."	42	NEUTRAL
784	Russia fears the system.	Washington has repeatedly sought to reassure Russia it has nothing to fear from the system.	42	NEUTRAL
786	Czech opposition parties are against the defense system.	"Czech opposition parties have spoken against the defense system, and the premier's governing coalition does not have enough parliament votes to pass measures on its own."	42	NEUTRAL
787	Andrei Kokoshin is the former Russian Security Council chief.	"In Moscow, Andrei Kokoshin, the former Russian Security Council chief who now heads parliament's committee for ties with former Soviet bloc nations, warned that Czech approval of the plan would not pass without consequences."	42	NEUTRAL
790	New elections will be held in 2008.	"From now until presidential election day in 2008, the national fascination with the Clintons and their marriage will be central to the race. The media-industrial complex will again feed on the Clintons, their past and future."	42	NEUTRAL
791	Clinton made a trip to the World Cup in Berlin.	"Beyond the sexual matters, there is Bill Clinton's perceived need for attention - adulation, even - exemplified in the story about his trip to the World Cup in Berlin this year."	42	NEUTRAL
794	There is no trade gap between China and US.	"The gap with China alone was $232.5bn last year, the largest imbalance the US has ever recorded with one country."	42	CONTRADICTION
795	China allows the yuan to trade only within a narrow band.	"China denies the allegations, although it currently allows the yuan to trade only within a narrow band against the US dollar."	42	NEUTRAL
796	China has an export-led economy.	"It has pledged to allow the yuan to float more freely in the future, but says any reform would not be rushed, as it does not want to risk destabilising the export-led Chinese economy."	42	NEUTRAL
797	US exports rose 10.5%.	"Last year the US saw exports of goods and services rise 12.8% to $1.44 trillion, while its imports gained 10.5% to $2.2 trillion, said the Commerce Department."	42	CONTRADICTION
